@Mikeejo Yep! Totally @NHLBruins. ^BISH
Okay, one more reminder. Don't miss the #Bruins new home on Twitter. Catch all of the news and my updates @NHLBruins!
Hey guys! It looks like you all haven't started following @nhlbruins. I just wanted to remind you that I will tweet from there this year!
Hey guys! This will be my last post here at Bishter, but I will be posting at NHLBruins from now on. Please follow me over there. Thanks!
The Bruins have signed four players to one-year contracts:  http://bit.ly/11wUg0
The B's preseason schedule just went up! http://bit.ly/cZoJz
Boston has signed Sabourin and Fata. Details to follow on BostonBruins.com.
The B's have signed Mark Recchi. Details to follow on BostonBruins.com.
The B's have posted the schedule/roster for the club's 3rd Annual Development Camp: http://bit.ly/mRO3I
Hockey Canada has included the B's Milan Lucic on the roster of 46 players that will attend Canada’s National Men’s Team orientation camp.
The B's have re-signed Johnny Boychuk.
Audio from the Peter Chiarelli, Byron Bitz and Steve Bégin conference calls is linked on the front page of BostonBruins.com.
The Bruins have signed Steve Begin. Details to follow on BostonBruins.com.
Bitzy Cat is back! The Boston Bruins have re-signed Byron Bitz. Details to follow on BostonBruins.com
B's official release on Schaefer:  http://bit.ly/Ms9CL
Peter Schaefer will be bought out by the B's. Details to follow on BostonBruins.com.
Boston Bruins Tim Thomas and Phil Kessel have been invited to Team USA's Olympic Orientation Camp: http://bit.ly/Q0m6D
With their final pick Boston chose Ben Sexton.
With the 176th pick the B's select Tyler Randell.
In the 4th Round, with the 112th pick, Boston chose Lane MacDermid. The B's next pick is in the 6th round.
Boston selects Ryan Button with the 86th pick...
The B's staff is back in the Bell Center for rounds 2-7. Watch all the picks at BostonBruins.com. Coverage begins at 10 a.m.
The B's pick is Jordan Caron.
Peter Chiarelli's final interview before the draft (video): http://bit.ly/117LCn
I'm in the Bell Centre. The young man who is working as the B's runner (and wearing a B's jersey) has already been booed. Welcome back B's!
B's GM: "We have a full day...and we have that 3 or 4 hr period on the draft floor - a lot of different things happen."  http://bit.ly/NF6BY
Lots of rumors flying around Montreal. Go to BostonBruins.com for all the facts! B's GM Peter Chiarelli will speak at 11 a.m.
Vegas Baby! Big night at the NHL Awards for the B's! Look for video, pictures and prose on BostonBruins.com and bostonbruinstv.com!
Chara wins the Norris. That's four awards for Boston!
Coach Claude Julien wins the Jack Adams!
Tim Thomas wins the Vezina Trophy!
Fernandez and Thomas accept the Jennings Trophy.
The NHL Awards Show from Las Vegas is on Versus at 7:30! And don't forget to watch along with me at Bish's Blog: http://bit.ly/1W5Zvn
Ference has successful surgery:  http://bit.ly/19Ni5
Check out the official Chiarelli release here:  http://bit.ly/Vv23G
BostonBruins.com has learned that the B's have extended the contract of GM Peter Chiarelli. Details to follow.
WEEI's Dale & Holley Ownership Series continues today with B's Owner Jeremy Jacobs at 12:10 p.m. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman will join him
David  Krejci has successful surgery. http://bit.ly/TwhAL
David Krejci has re-signed with the Bruins. Full details to follow on BostonBruins.com...
Zdeno Chara has been named a finalist for the Messier Leadership Award. http://bit.ly/QzPGT
Did you notice? The Habs have hired their new head coach -- Jacques Martin. http://bit.ly/155Tds |NHL|Home
Kessel has successful surgery: http://bit.ly/L2plu
GM Peter Chiarelli (Executive of the Year) and Coach Claude Julien (Coach of the Year) have been recognized by The Sporting News.
It's becoming apparent that the B's were a banged up group. Recchi had kidney stone surgery before Game 7. Krejci will have hip surgery.
Long time no tweet. Kessel just revealed he will have shoulder surgery. More in a bit.
A heartbreaker. B's fall in OT.
It's Ward vs. Thomas. #26 is the Boston scratch. Live blog: http://bit.ly/CYT7h
Marc Savard is on the ice. #21 remains off the ice. #'s 16 and 48 skated earlier. Another intense morning skate -- very much like Game 6.
Okay guys, team on the ice at 10:30. Thanks for all the Cam ?s. Twitter had some probs. Sorry we didn't get to use as many as we'd like.
Looking for some questions for WebCam. Send them in now and Cam will answer a few.
Claude Julien spoke today about Marc Savard and Game 7: "I don't anticipate any reason why he shouldn't play."
We're shipping up to Boston! Get ready for Game 7.
It looks like the same lineup for Boston. Wheeler is the scratch.
Don't miss today's pregame video. Watch Julien, Ward, Maurice and Staal, here: http://bit.ly/Q1YcU
Ward and Chara are on the ice for the pregame skate. Ference is the only missing face. A very intense morning skate.
Only four players on the ice this morning: #'s 35, 48, 26, 16.
What a terrific effort by Boston. They force Game 6 with a 4-0 win.
In goal: Cam Ward vs. Tim Thomas. B's scratches look like: #21, 26. If you are in the Garden let's show Carolina how loud Boston can be!
Andrew Ference is the only missing face at B's morning skate.
The B's had a long day at Wilmington. One hour off ice. One hour on. Recchi did not skate.
Boston fell to the Hurricanes, 4-1. Sunday's pivotal Game 5 is back in Boston at 7:30PM.
It's Tim Thomas vs. Cam Ward in goal. I don't see Thornton. Ference is out. Hnidy and Bitz are on the ice.
We have a winner. Thanks for playing. The answer is Calgary.
In 2002-03, Ference, Kobasew, Montador, Savard, and Yelle all played games for the same team. Name the team? First to respond gets 2 tix.
Everyone still want tickets to Game 5? Get ready for some trivia...
The B's are on the ice for morning skate. #21 is the only missing player.
Sorry for a slow news day. But keep a lookout for another trivia question in the next 36 hours! You never know  when it will show up...
No practice for the Bruins on Thursday. Coach Julien will speak to the media this morning. We'll bring you the news in a bit...
The Bruins dropped a close one in overtime, 3-2. Just a plain old scramble in front. Carolina now leads the series 2-1.
It's almost game time. Thomas vs. Ward in goal. Bitz and Hnidy are the scratches. Head over to BostonBruins.com to follow my live blog!
The Bruins are on the ice. Chuck Kobasew is on the ice. Axelsson and Thornton are not.
The Bruins practiced this morning and are now on the plane and ready to leave for Carolina...
No skate for the B's today. All off-ice work. I'll post an update in my blog, soon.
Tough game for the B's tonight. The boys fired 35 on Ward, but couldn't get one past him and fell 3-0. Series tied up at 1.
Ok. Hnidy and Bitz are the scratches. Kessel is in. Live Blog:http://bruins.nhl.com/team/app?articleid=421252&page=NewsPage&service=page
Optional skate for Boston: Kessel was on the ice.
Wow. So much for the rust. The B's return with a dominating 4-1 win in Game 1.
The NHL announced today that Boston Bruins head coach Claude Julien has been named one of three finalists for the Jack Adams Award.
We have a winner. On 10.12.72, the NE Whalers beat the visiting Philadelphia Blazers, 4-3, before 14,442 spectators at the Boston Garden.
In which arena did the Carolina Hurricanes franchise play their first game? Hint: Think WHA. First to respond wins 2 tix to Game 2 on Sunday
Get ready. Grab your thinkin' caps... a question is coming.
Julien: Ference will be a game time decision.
Optional skate for Boston. No morning skate for Carolina...
I have a set of tickets for Game 2! Make sure to keep a lookout today or Friday for another trivia question...
We have a winner! Thanks for playing! The answer was Eddie LeBec.
On Cheers, Carla Tortelli had a boyfriend who played goal for the B's. What was the fictional backstop's name? First to answer wins...
Okay. Get ready for Bruins Trivia! This time we are playing for two tickets to Game 1. The category is TV...
Michael Ryder will be the guest on Covidien's Rinkside Chats today at 3:00 p.m. on BostonBruins.com: http://bruins.nhl.com/chats/chats.htm
The Bruins will take on Carolina in round two of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Keep checking BostonBruins.com for the series schedule...
We've got a winner. The answer was David Krejci! Happy Birthday David!
One of the Bruins is celebrating a birthday today. He was born 4/28/86. Who is he?
Slow news day. But let's do some trivia. Today we are playing for a B's hat and t-shirt. Get ready for the question. First to answer, wins.
Check out the Matt Hunwick interview on bostonbruinsTV: http://bruins.nhl.tv/team/console.jsp?catid=660&id=40830
We have a winner! Thanks for playing. The answer is Patrick Swayze.
Who played Derek Sutton in the movie Youngblood? First to answer wins.
Anyone up for some hockey trivia? Get ready for your question and a chance at a Bruins sweatshirt. The category is hockey movies...
The NHL has named Tim Thomas a Vezina Finalist...
The Bruins earned a day off from practice on Sunday...
Wilmington, MA: Andrew Ference is back on the ice with the Bruins for today's noontime practice.
Aaron Ward did a great job on NESN's Red Sox vs. Yankees broadcast. He chatted with Don and Jerry during the 4th inning.
More good news. Julien says of Andrew Ference: "By the beginning of the week, he'll be with our team."
And the hits just keep on coming: Boston Bruins captain Zdeno Chara has been named a Norris Trophy finalist!
BTW, did you see the Bear make a special appearance? Check out his moves here: http://tinyurl.com/cby3qe
The B's are on their way to the airport -- and a day off on Thursday. How sweep it is, indeed!
Bruins sweep Montreal, win Game 4, 4-1. Michael Ryder had two goals.
Tim Thomas will face Carey Price in goal. It looks like Bitz and Ference are the scratches for Boston.
Having served his one game suspension, Claude Julien confirmed that Milan Lucic will return to the B's lineup this evening.
Carey Price was the first goalie off the ice after MTL's skate, which usually indicates the starter.
All of the B's (- #21) skated in a high energy skate. Julien on the B's: "There hasn't been anyone in that room...that has disappointed me."
The B's practice at 2. Until then, check out bostonbruinsTV to see Coach Julien's postgame presser: http://bruins.nhl.tv/team/console.jsp
B's win 4-2. They are up 3-0. A great way to end Patriots Day!
Tim Thomas vs. Carey Price in goal. Byron Bitz will make his playoff debut.
BTW: Coach Gainey would NOT name his lineup for tonight during his press briefing. Hmmmm. You can listen to that on the Mother Ship, too.
Okay. I've got lots of info up on Bish's Blog, including podcasts of Milan Lucic, Peter Chiarelli and Claude Julien: http://tinyurl.com/ ...
Carey Price was the first goalie off for the Habs during morning skate.
No practice for the B's this morning. Just a team meeting and a flight to MTL. Anyone else remember a better game this season?
If you missed the game, you missed a 5-1 B's win and a Bergeron fighting major!
Look for a Matt Hunwick update at BostonBruins.com: http://tinyurl.com/ckd3xt
Carey Price vs. Tim Thomas in goal. Look for Shane Hnidy on defense. BItz is the scratch along with Ference.
The Bull Gang is well into the switchover from basketball to hockey...
Matt Hunwick has been taken to the hospital. "It's related to [his] spleen," said Claude Julien. Keep it at BostonBruins.com for the latest.
No morning skate for Boston OR Montreal this morning. The B's will meet with the media around 10:45 a.m.
We have a winner. Keep following for another contest. Thanks for playing.
According to yesterday's tweet/blog, which Canadien was front and center watching the B's practice?
Who wants tickets? Get ready for a trivia question... the first to reply with the right answer gets 2 tickets for Saturday's game.
It looks like everyone besides Andrew Ference is on the ice for Boston's 12:00 p.m. practice in Wilmington.
The B's take Game 1 of the series, 4-2.
You can add Hnidy to the scratch list. Look for Wheeler on the Yelle line with Thornton.
Bitz, Ference are tonight's scratches for Boston.
It's Carey Price vs. Tim Thomas in goal. Much less bleu, blanc et rouge in the building this evening...
Canadiens coach/gm Bob Gainey reports that Habs D-man Andrei Markov did not make the trip to Boston.
A couple of members of the Montreal Canadiens were watching the B's practice, including Georges Laraque. I wonder if he is playing tonight?
Welcome to the playoffs. The B's are in the middle of their morning skate: Missing: Yelle, Recchi, Ryder, Savard, Axelsson & Ference.
There's still time to chat with Mark Recchi! Head over to BostonBruins.com: http://bruins.nhl.com/chats/chats.htm
Sobotka was sent down, so that leaves one extra forward and one extra d-man on the ice for today's 11 a.m. practice.
Andrew Ference is the only missing piece as the entire Bruins squad has taken the ice for practice in Wilmington.
The B's had today off from practice and Mikko Lehtonen has been sent back to Providence. Chiarelli: No news on #'s 21 or 37.
The Bruins beat the Islanders 6-2. The Montreal Canadiens and the playoffs are next...
Axelsson, Bergeron and Chara will not play...
Tim Thomas will be in goal for Boston vs. the Islanders. Recchi, Yelle and Hnidy are the alternate captains.
No morning skate for the Bruins down on Long Island. However, Zdeno Chara and P.J. Axelsson are skating. B's vs. Islanders at 5 p.m.
Congrats to Boston U. for their 5th NCAA Ice Hockey Title!
It's Montreal vs. Boston in Round One. Look for the schedule on BostonBruins.com as soon as it is released!
B's fall to the Sabres, 6-1. Boston faces the New York Islanders on Sunday at 5 p.m.
Bergeron is out, as well. Ward, Kobasew and Savard will all wear "A's" today. No "C" for Boston.
Manny Fernandez will start in goal. Mikko Lehtonen and Vladimir Sobotka will be in the lineup. #'s 81, 33 and 11 are out. #6 is in.
No morning skate for most of the B's in Buffalo. #'s 11 and 33 did take an on-ice warmup. Remember game time is 4 pm!
Hobey Baker returns to the Hub. Congrats to BU's Matt Gilroy!
Hey man, do you have a playoff beard? It'd be a lot cooler if you did... http://beardathon.com/bruins/team.aspx
The B's have recalled forward Mikko Lehtonen from the Providence Bruins on an emergency basis.
An optional practice: #'s 11, 17, 30, 35, 60, 6, 26, 61 & 12 are on the ice. Good to see Axelsson and Wideman.
Boston wins, 5-4, in OT. Mark Recchi scored at 2:42 of the extra session to give the B's the win.
Tim Thomas is in goal for Boston. Carey Price for Montreal. It looks like Kobasew is playing and Sobotka will sit.
Vladimir Sobotka's been recalled for B's (emergency). Mathieu Schneider is on the ice for MTL.
The Bruins are not taking morning skate and there will be no media availability. The Habs are due to take the ice at 11:30 a.m.
Fyi: Awesome turn out! Cuts for a Cause is sold out...
People are already lining up at the Harp for Cuts for a Cause!
Back to practice. #'s 6, 11, 12 and 21 are not on the ice. After the on ice session the B's will be at Cuts for a Cause from 3-5.
B's fall to Ottawa, 3-2. Kessel and Chara scored. Fernandez made 29 saves. Boston plays Montreal on Thursday in Boston.
Coach Claude Julien just updated the media on Andrew Ference: http://tinyurl.com/cqo443
Vote Wheeler for Goal of the Year! His gem versus St. Louis is unforgettable: http://www.nhl.com/ice/news.htm?id=416929
All 20 players on the flight to Ottawa will play vs. the Sens. The B’s are taking a full morning skate. Ottawa did not.
#'s 11, 6, and 21 will not travel to Ottawa. It will be game day decisions on #'s 22 and 81. Manny Fernandez will start.
Shawn Thornton and Phil Kessel are both on the ice for today's 10:30 a.m. practice in Wilmington.
Bruins beat Rangers, 1-0. The B's are the Eastern Conference regular season champs.
Tim Thomas is in goal for Boston. Henrik Lundqvist for New York.
Aaron Ward will miss today's game. More on BostonBruins.com
Thomas on why he re-signed: "The answer always kept coming back Boston."
Are you ready for a big day? There is a new article on Tim Thomas and a Rangers game preview up at BostonBruins.com
Ready for New York vs. Boston? Coach Julien weighed in on Saturday's matchup: http://bruins.nhl.tv/team/console.jsp?catid=660&id=38668
Peter Chiarelli announced today that the club has signed goaltender Tim Thomas to a multi-year contract extension. Get the full story on ...
It's a pretty full practice (including Phil Kessel). Look for a full update later in Bish's Blog...
TGIF: Practice is today in Wilmington's Ristuccia Arena at 11:30 a.m...
B's win their 50th, 2-1, over Ottawa. Look for a full postgame package on BostonBruins.com...
David Krejci is the Seventh Player Award winner. Read more at BostonBruins.com...
Montador is the healthy scratch. Thornton and Kessel remain out with undisclosed injuries.
Timmay! It's Alex Auld vs. Tim Thomas. Look for tonight's in game blog on BostonBruins.com...
Did you know: NESN's Seventh Player Award will be awarded tonight. Who will it be?
BTW: Even though Fernandez played this morning, there was no word/clue on tonight's goalie...
After the B's option al skate, Coach Julien reports: Thornton out. Kessel out. Look for a full B's update in Bish's Blog in a few minutes.
It looks like an optional. No's 35, 17, 23, 21, 26, 48, 44, 45, 34, and 61 are skating, as is 81.
Bruins GM Peter Chiarelli has announced the club has signed forward Yannick Riendeau to an entry-level contract. This kid is something else!
A limited number of tickets for the club’s first two home playoff games will go on sale at 11 AM. Visit BostonBruins.com for more info...
It's less than 12 hours before game time. But BostonBruins.com will have plenty of updates throughout the day: http://bruins.nhl.com/
Matt Hunwick's chat was very entertaining. As was Thornton's Vlog -- hosted by Byron Bitz. Check out both, here: http://bruins.nhl.com/
Okay everybody. Matt Hunwick is chatting right now. Go here: http://bruins.nhl.com/chats/chats.htm
Dennis Wideman, Ference and Bitz are the first players on the the ice at Ristuccia. Full practice update later on BostonBruins.com...
BTW: Practice is at Ristuccia Arena in Wilmington at 11:30 a.m. Matt Hunwick will be chatting online at 3:00 p.m. on BostonBruins.com.
Winning streaks make traffic seem tolerable...
B's win 3-1.
It's 3-0. Goals for Kobasew and Chara. TKO for Milan Lucic. Boston is in control...
It's 1-0, Boston after 20-minutes. Blake Wheeler scored the B's lone goal...
You can find tonight's in-game blog here: http://tinyurl.com/cbt78r
Okay True Believers -- switch over to Bish's Blog for tonight's in-game happenings...
This is the first game that Thornton has missed all season.
Bruins scratches: Hnidy, Kessel and Thornton. Thornton and Kessel are both out with "undisclosed injuries."
Manny Fernandez is in goal for Boston. Mike McKenna is in goal for Tampa Bay. Manny is 15-6-3 with a 2.50 GAA.
Doug Flutie is in the Garden tonight to promote Autism awareness and raise money for the Doug Flutie Jr. Foundation for Autism. Go Doug!
Check out Coach Julien's pregame presser here: http://tinyurl.com/dbozxs
Matt Lashoff met with some friends from the B's last night. A reporter jokingly asked if he would drop 'em with Lucic tonight. Laughter.
It seems reasonable to expect Lashoff, Karsums, Bochenski and local product Noah Welch in the Lightning lineup tonight. McKenna in goal.
Julien on Kessel: "We anticipate that he should be playing again early next week."
Manny Fernandez is the first goalie off...
Montador has switched to forward.
There are eight D-men and 12 forwards. Montador and Hunwick are dressed as D.
Phil Kessel is the only Bruins forward missing from morning skate...
After a day off for the B's, I'm hoping for a full morning skate at 10:30 a.m. Might be fun to ask Tim Thomas about UVM in the Frozen Four.
No pratice today! Look for full game day coverage on Tuesday!
No morning skate for Boston.
Manny Fernandez in goal vs. the Leafs...
Tim Thomas was the first goalie off the ice...
It's an optional morning skate in Toronto, but most of the B's are on the ice...
Phil Kessel will miss this weekend's games with an undisclosed injury.
Phil Kessel is the only player missing from practice...
I just put up the interview I alluded to during last night's Sportsdesk. Also, click on the video link in story 1 for a look back at Game 6
Look for me on NESN's Sportdesk beginning at 10 pm. Chuck Kobasew hits NECN between 11 and 12.
Shawn Thornton's (semi) daily vlog is up: http://tinyurl.com/cej9ma
Practice is winding down. Not much news, but look for Thornton's Vlog later today...
Optional practice: #'s 35, 30, 6, 12, 46 and 61 are on the ice. Coach Houda and Essensa are presiding.
Albany takes it 1-0 in a SO
...In a shootout.
0-0 and in OT
Alb 0, Pro 0. After 2
We've taken the blog to Providence tonight. P-B's and Albany tied 0-0 after 1
Tim Thomas is in goal...
Tim Thomas was the first goalie off the ice this morning. Stephane Yelle is expected to play...
The B's are back in Ristuccia and Phil Kessel, missing yesterday, is back on the ice. All of the Bruins are, actually...
And look for Coach Julien's presser from today here: http://tinyurl.com/d8t6hy
Shawn Thornton is back on the Vlog: http://tinyurl.com/d4kpln
The Bruins are practicing at Ristuccia after a day off. Phil Kessel is the only missing face.
Tim Thomas is in goal for Boston tonight.
Both Krejci and Kessel will play against the Sens.
Phil Kessel and David Krejci are skating this morning. Both men missed practice on Wed.
Rosters and Game Notes for tonight's game vs. Ottawa. Check out story #1 on BostonBruins.com
The first update of the day is posted in the Bear Essentials: http://tinyurl.com/dd7msv
The Bruins are arriving at the Garden for morning skate. Look for updates on the team very soon.
Byron Bitz is chatting on BostonBruins.com right now...
The B's bus is here at Nationwide Arena...
Byron Bitz will be our guest on BostonBruins.com's Rinkside Chats  by Covidien tomorrow at 3pm!
Tim Thomas was the first goalie off the ice. Look for him in net tonight.
The Bruins are just getting on the ice here in Columbus. We may have news on the starter in goal, soon.
