We take on the OKC Thunder in our next game on Tuesday. Get your tickets here: http://t.co/GMQQExGd5j
Hawks fans. Come see me and my teammates next week against the Thunder! Get tickets here: http://t.co/aKlwgxBBh7.
@FrankMartin_SC and come on thru any time!
@FrankMartin_SC my guy!! What's up coach!! Hope the season has started well for you guys! I'm gonna try to keep up with you guys.
Check me out on Instagram everybody @yaeyo20
Come watch me and my teammates at Philips Arena! Get tickets here: http://t.co/XuihDcUkVF
@umso_305 what up g! Tried to txt that number but it ain't work. Hit me up
Hey Hawks fans! We have some great home games coming up. Get tickets here: http://t.co/wfIBufSxgn
@ChuckJames919 you're forgiven my man...no hard feelings! Lol
@ristaustrong hey you!!! Thank you so much!!
Over at the mall treating myself to a lil bday shopping.
I'm back on!!! What better day to start back tweeting than my bday (g day as we call it in the H)
@TheNicWise Already!
@TheNicWise what's good big homie..you goin out to Vegas for summer leauge?
@MRGDII lol that's how it be sometimes fam.
Yoga
"@TGriff44: @CartierMartin Hey Cartier I'm a big fan! Hope u stay with the wiz" hey thanks bro...me too
How bout those Caps! Gonna attend my 1st hockey game today! Let's do it!
Let's keep this thing rollin! #WizNation!
@MRGDII what up famo!!!
@MissLionessDJ that's what's up...I knw he is gettin so big. I'm gonna be in Houston all summer. You gonna make it down to the big T any?
"@Retrosnsillyhos: Shootout to @CartierMartin for stopping thru 7&E Starbucks we serious bout that 3 on 3" no doubt...I got yall lol.
"@AlvinGermaine: Don't act too happy sheesh yall acting like the starters played SMH"  They started 5 players n we started 5 players.
"@hendonervin: @WashWizards @CartierMartin can u be excited over a win wo the big 3? Come on" Yes we can...a win is a win
Great win for us (Wizards) last night vs MIA regardless of who they played. We didn't hav all of our players either. #sleepers
@pernell344 big homie!!! What's been up wit you fam!!!
@H__Strong what's good big homie! How you been?
@MissLionessDJ I'm out here hoopin...what's up? How are you and my nephew?
Thank you too all those who believe in me and continue to support me thru this dream I'm chasing! #bewareofthegrind
@Lester26Hudson what's good my g! Congrats!
@jasoncollinsrox lol I love my haters! They motivate me the most!
Thanks everybody for the support and good luck wishes! It feels good to be back here in DC..I love this place! God is Amazing!
Lovin life right now! God is Amazing!
Hopefully so brethren..we'll see after China @bick_house: @CartierMartin better be seeing you back in a nba jersey.
And I'm back in this thang! What up er'body! Glad to see the lockout is resolved! In the meantime...I'm loving China ;-)
Please go vote for my son in the Gerber Contest on facebook, thanks everyone for your support http://t.co/39ip76c
Thanks for voting, go back n vote everyday #success
Gerber link  http://t.co/SFp8KCr
Hey everyone go & vote for my son in the Gerber Contest on facebook. His Id num. is  19408    Thanks
That might be the nail right there! SMH!!! Damn MIA
I don't knw if MIA gone be able to get this 1 tonight...them MAVS lookin unreal out there!
@TOOTTHEBARBER what's good bro...when you hittin that H Town?
@AliciaKeys_1 hey hey hey!!! We don't talk about the champion like that on twitter ok? Ppl will actually start to believe that! #winning
@Keemw34 nah I'm in DC. Gotta be here for a couple more weeks.
@Keemw34 so you call it a Barkley lol?
@Keemw34 man what y'all 2 doing together? I knw its bout to be some trouble!
@H55ndiaye damn you gone put ya boy on blast like that lol! You knw I'm detail oriented lol!
$$
@intervu_en sure...let me knw when you want to do it
@jordanzkc lol! Nah bro...wrong guy. I knw how you feelin if you in Aggieville.
@STARANDBUCWILD: my og  @TOOTTHEBARBER is the #1 barber in Philly
@MarcusHall4 what's good bro! We got a couple weeks and I'll be back. Gotta grab a couple more wins before we end it tho!
S/O to the lil homie @Jpullz0! You did ya thang this year bro..see you up this way next year!
@matthouston91 I like it bro! Good work!
Life is great! God is AMAZING!
Tourney time! KSU all the way for the chip! Let's go!
5th seed!
Gasoline! SMDH!!!
@Keemw34 bruh stop drunk tweeting lol!
Winning! (In my Charlie Sheen voice) lol!
Good win for us tonight on our home floor! Now we gotta carry that over to tmw's game vs the Pistons on the road.
Just linked back up wit 1 of my K-State boys @keemw34. It started wit us bro!
@earldee man you put the rest of it in a to-go-box lol!
@earldee man you aint gone eat all that!
@ChuckJames919 yea I think me and Lance could of pulled off the flattop. I might try it out this summer.
@JacobDHuff yea I gotta throw my boy Pullen in there too...he makin improvements #tourney
@ChuckJames919 lol...I aint gone lie...the flattop is pretty nice lol!
Yo the kid Scottie Hopson is NICE! Jimmer or Scottie?
Lol! Just kiddin! Daddy got this under control ;-)
Just me and the lil man home to our self :-). Now how do I change this diaper :-/
@COSeezy WOULDN'T make it lol
@JanineLuvsMusic hey what's up. How you been?
@Only1MaineJer nah bro! Couldn't even do it lol!
@L_Weezyyy I didn't knw nothing about it lol!
Suspended for havin sex! Worse honor code ever! Smh!
Up early...bout to go put this work in!
Shootaround!
Long day! Now its time to rest.
Up headed to the arena for practice. Gotta find a way to get better. God is good!
To my KSU fans and supporters...I love and miss you all! We had some great times! I gotta get back there soon to show yall some love too!
How bout them Wildcats! KSU baby!
@earldee congrats bro! Handle ya bidness over there
@MAF_CAPITAL_LLC yea man I'm back lol! I'm strait tho...just tryin to get better
God thank you for another blessed day of life and opportunity. Take advantage ppl...God is great! Off to shootaround!
time to call it a night. Enjoyed just relaxin at home all day. Back to work tmw. God is great!
Nice relaxing day wit my fam :-)
Feels good to sleep in for once
@TOOTTHEBARBER what's good fam! Man that cut still crisp...yo boy need that!
@matthouston91 shout out to Matt Houston
@COSeezy let me knw when you tryin to come fam. What part of VA you in?
Just landed! Didn't get to finish my movie but its all good. Thank God for gettin us home safely and back to our loved ones!
On the plane bout to leave MIA. Back to DC..we back at it tmw
@COSeezy my dawg! Man the lil man is doin great! He growin fast man...its crazy! What's been good wit you? You holdin the Bay down?
@SeanSingletary I aint heard from you in a min...you been MIA. What story you got about LB?
@IkeMagnifico Great to hav Mike on our side...he is a great player. Along wit Mo Evans and J Crawford...they nice too!
@LBoogie_23 big homie!! Everything is good over this way man. When that lil one gone be here?
@SeanSingletary what's good fam!
And may I say...what a beautiful day it is in MIA.
Back on my twitter ish! Been out for a min but I'm back now baby!
@Gocats82 who is that?
Tough loss tonight in the Chi. We gonna get this thing turned around soon Wiz fans...keep your faith in us.
@ShallanieMartin thank you baby...I miss you and CJ so much.
Today feels victorious! Let's get us a win tonight Wizards fans against the Cavs!
God is Amazing! He is the ultimate reason I was able to make that shot the other night. I give HIM all the credit and glory.
@ExoticDetailLLC I will continue to come thru for you alls service...you did an excellent job on detailing my ride! Preciate it!
Wow!! I can't believe they just released Randy Moss from the Vikings! I guess he shouldn't of been askin his own questions!
I want to shoutout to the K-State mens basketball team! Number 4 in the nation baby...we hav came a long wayz! #EMAW
@meangreentrain Preciate it C Green!
@ThePurpleRick thank you for your support...let's make sure we stand by all of our Wildcats! #EMAW
@bunki311 thank you for your support :-)
@JackieGChen thanks Jackie I appreciate it
I do want to give God all the credit and glory for allowing me to be in this position tho! He has really been the key to my success!
Preciate all the love everyone! I would of rather for us to get the win than for me to hit a couple shots of shots tho.
@LBoogie_23 my dude what's good! How you feelin man? Im just continuing to stay on the grind on my end and giving God all the credit!
@BigMay42 what's good big homie!!! How you been man?? How's the foot? My man Slawful! Good to hear from you g!
@bigdaddywookie what's good piranha teeth!
@TORRELLMAR_TIAN my ninja!!!! What's good fam...you knw I gotta pop up every now and then on the twizzle! Lol!
Hard work really pays off!
God is truly AMAZING!!!!
In that thang for media day! Let's get it! RT @WizardsExtreme http://twitpic.com/2skc7x - Asad catching up with @CartierMartin #Wizards
Yea...we pretty much the best ;-) #scorpios
Goodmorning America! God is Great all the time! Now get ya mind right and make yourself productive for today! Let's get it ppl!
@Celebhelper are you his runner or something lol? I see you just send out messages all day for ppl to follow him! #potentialstalker
@BlackBoiPachino already! Pause...we in that thang!
Day 2 went pretty well y'day...worked out xtremely hard. Tryin to get like that boi @BlackBoiPachino! One of the hardest workers I knw!
But now its time for day 2 ;-). Lets get it! God is Great!!
I guess I should be updating you all on this journey that I'm on. Well day 1 one went ok...just didn't shoot as well as I wanted.
@earldee what's good fam
@Celebhelper who is that and why? Tell them to hit me up on FB...I will add them as a friend.
@Celebhelper what's up...thank you for the support!
Who told Rodney Harrison he was a good commentator...he is T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E!!!!
@MoTaylor23 preciate it bro...now its grind time!
@djones19 lol already big homie...preciate the words of encouragment. Time to give buckets!
@MAF_CAPITAL_LLC yea I remember you bruh. Ima be here for a min...plan on being here for the season.
@GymBrown already big homie!
Just arrived in DC...time to prove myself! God is Amazing!
@tj_ford y'all boyz ain't ready for that K-State throwback! Lol!
@Dsam09 I'm in Houston right now bruh...what's good wit it!
On the way to the gym...got buckets for a certain individual @djones19
@djones19 lol I will never miss that again...I got whatever on it!
@djones19 well bring it cause you gone be needing it if you relying on me to miss that again!
@djones19 I'm glad you enjoyed the run this morning...hopefully you don't shoot like you did today cause if you do its a wrap!
@GymBrown mane after that 80 min game we had earlier...I don't knw how you got the motivation to get on the elliptical #beastmode
Felt good today even tho we ain't get the dub. Making progress tho so its all good! God is Great!
Each day seeing my lil man gives me more inspiration and motivation to be great! A true gift from God wrapped in a blanket :-) GOD IS GREAT!
@BigMay42 preciate it brethern!
Thanks everybody for your congrats and love...Cartier II is amazing and so handsome like his ol' man lol! Pics coming soon!
Cj is here! 8.9 lbs! God is Great!! This is truly the best day of my life!!!
@BigMay42 I'm prolly gone be in camp wit the Wiz g. Hopefully this year I can get a whole season in lol!
@BigMay42 Slaw!!!
@Lackey9133 lol when I get on a team!
@GymBrown just be workin out over here. I'ma prolly come thru there and holla at you boyz tom tho. Just to check in lol!
@GymBrown gotta lay low for a while boss...can't risk nothin this close to camp. I haven't signed yet
@GymBrown what's good bruh bruh...how was the run today?
@earldee Ol' musty ass nigga...what's good lol! Man summer goin by quik g...we ain't even get to link up (pause)!!!
Closer and closer to CJ's release! I knw he ready to get out that joint lol!
Back to reality everybody...the weekemd is over! We had our lil fun...now its back on ya grizzy! God is Great!
Better late than never but never late is better! Drizzy!
@TORRELLMAR_TIAN  whats good bruh bruh...you need to be out here in this H mane. What you up to fam?
@GymBrown  aint shit...we bout to get this "W" tonight against Myron nem. Get ready for them playoffs g!
@GymBrown when you get back to the H boss?
Big game tonight at the Fondè at 7:15. We gotta get this "W" to secure a spot in the playoffs!
Ricky Rozay is in this H Town tonight ppl! Everybody knw the H is the place to be!
Great way to finish a Friday wit a awesome workout!
Up early preparing for this amazin Friday that God has provided for us! Help someone to hav a great day by showin how much God has done 4 u!
God is too good to us all...we should appreicate him much more! God is great!
Game tonight at the Fondè at 6 against @tj_ford...D Ewing and J Posey. We gotta get this "W"!
Man I feel like I just went to bed bout 15 min ago and its already time to get back up. Gotta love the grind tho! God is great!
@earldee  i hope not Memphis...niggas better stay out that joint!
@earldee  already! we gettin it in out here in the H bro. where you at?
@CarlosPowell7  what up fam..what you goin? you in SC?
Sometimes "The best" isn't your best. Food for thought
@earldee  just waiting to see what they wanna do bro...nothing in writing yet. what about you?
@Mister6manu  whats good my dude...what go down?
@GymBrown Damn G...I was just bout to go snatch that joint too.
@earldee What's good fam...you ain't tryin to hit that Goldie's up lol! (Idaho)
Up early on my grizzy! Nothin come to a sleeper but a dream! Lets get it! God is great!
@BigMay42  yea buddy...lil Yae is on the way bro. Bout 3 more weeks fam...i'll keep you updated.
Today is the Lord's day. Please be prayful and mindful of others...God has been great to us all! Give God the credit and the glory :-)
My baby boy's baby shower is today! Can't wait to see what all the friends and fam have gotten him.
Finally made some bucketts today...I was well over due. And @GymBrown...we took those wins today too. We need gatorade tom from somebody!
Headed to the Fondè to put this work in...we gotta get this win tonight!
@CoachJP3 yea im playin tonight bruh...we got the 7 pm game.
@bigsloan32  damn bruh bruh...you just got here! you playin tonight?
God thank you for allowing me to breath this morning. I give YOU all the credit and glory..without you there would be nothing! God is Great!
RT @drakkardnoir: I intend to live forever, or die trying.
Its amazing how fast you can get out of shape but crazy how long its takes you to get in shape. Smh!
@COSeezy my dude lol! come on man...now how thats gone work? lol!
Man I knw now that I can't go that long wit out playing bball. I was some serious "slaw" today in the pick-up games..I couldn't make nuffin!
By the way...y'all boyz better J.F.K. or get left behind!
Free Mason!
@BigMay42  slawfullness!!! lol! where you at this summer?
@SeanSingletary  damns bro you thought I was outta there!? im in Houston...get ya online game up!
@SeanSingletary Yo you need to get smacked on the 2K son and stop runnin!
@BigMay42 From what slawful? Lol
Its Saturday but we don't take days off...just sleep in a lil longer. God is Great!
@TORRELLMAR_TIAN  whats up famo! lol! man this twitter can get you in trouble...i just hav to be low key sometimes lol!
Its Friday. You ain't got no job...and you ain't got shit to do! I'ma get ya grind right today!
Back home to my baby..time to kiss and rub on that belly. CJ is on the way :-)
Missin my boo and my baby boy :-(. Can't wait til I get back home to y'all. :-)
Just waking up...gotta thank God. I don't knw bout y'all...but I grind hard! God is great!
Lovin the feel of this country vibe. I need to bring my butt HOME more often. Shout out to that CKT!!!
@quietstorm_32 Congrats big homie...I'm happy for you g.
In ckt. Back to my roots! God is great!!
@GymBrown Damn boss...I need to get back up there.
Life is good...I can't complain at all. God is great!!!
@MikePradaSBN @MikePradaSBN what do you mean by that yo? I am married...please don't make those comments on my wall.
@MAF_CAPITAL_LLC I'm out here til Sat mo!
In DC puttin in this work! We gone be NICE this year!
@Dsam09 what up fam! Man er'body asking when we gone do it again! Can't keep em waiting too long lol...Part 2 coming soon!
@MayDay4215 Scottie!!!! What's good bro..how you been? I'm out in Houston right now.
@MayDay4215 Game 4 Lakers! By 15 or more!
@bigsloan32 yea man we gone make it happen. Come out and chill wit ya boy!
http://twitpic.com/1tdpkg &lt;--CARTIER MARTIN OF WASHINGTON WIZARDS HOST CLUB LEVEL FRI. JUNE 18TH @CartierMartin it's goin down!
Goodmorning my twigga's...hope all is well and you all are about to enjoy an amazing Memorial Day. Eat all the BBQ you can. God is Great!
@GymBrown what's good my nigga...I'm in this H we need link up.
@SeanSingletary man you don't want to see me in none of the PS3 games that's out right now. You don't stand a chance on tha 2K10
@SeanSingletary what's good...when you coming back?
@bstars12 yea I'ma be out there my dude. You gonna be out that way?
@Marcus_Hall8 you already knw we do. I got that waiting for you too bro...holla at me soon as you touch down.
@marcus_hall4 whats good big homie...I'ma be in this H for a min. Prolly til summer league get ready to pop off. When you gone get here?
h town bound!!! yes sirrrrr!!
@Lola_max hey...how you been? Everything has been good over here...just tryin to make it.
Wheels up headed to Orlando. Good win for us tonight against the Warriors...we played well.
Well well well...what do we hav here!
Just had a nice lunch at Dragos in New Orleans...tried oysters for the 1st time.
Goodmorning tweet fam...let's give God all the credit and glory for all that we accomplish in life. There wouldn't be any of it witout him.
@ItsBinksWHAT thank you Ms Jasmine...i'm excited to be back too. Hopefully this time to stay :-)
Oh yea...and I'm now officially back on my tweet game. I was out for a min tryin to get my mind right. Now I'm strait...LET'S GET IT!!
God is Great!!!
Just touched down in New Orleans...headed to the telly to get some rest for tom's game.
@RUBasketball lol yea I knw...i'm bout to change the pic tonight.
@Amazingamy16 thank you Ms Amy...I will miss you all.
Headed to the Boot...N.O here we come. Took a tough loss to the Rockets tonight but we played well. Hopefully we can get the dub tom.
Make sure you all tune into my Wildcats smackin' up on the Bulldogs of Butler Uni. tonight to advance to the Final 4 next weekend. EMAW!!!
How bout them Wildcats doin the damn thang in this tourney! Xavier do not want to see us on Thurs..they can hang it up!
@iowastyle thanks for the shout out...we gonna hav to kick it wit you all sometime.
God is Great
@dereklarson not true...sorry
@MZ2345 first advice I would give you is to involve God in your life. Without Him you won't make it to far.
@Eli_Jabbour now you knw JJ Reddick can't dunk on D Wade. Plus they are playing the Cavs...think about it (JJ Hickson)
@sanjomiklo back in the NBADL buddy
@MARTINMARTIAN12 what's good bro..I just been low key man. How you doin over there? You knw we gotta get up this off-season.
I guess he ain't think JJ could get up like that. Now he knw! FACIAL!!
Damn!!! D Wade just got put in a serious poster!! I thought he would of learned by tryin to jump wit LeBron last week.
@BigMay42 what's up big homie...I'm back in the D League for now. I'll be back soon...just gotta put some more of this work in.
I knw...I do need to tweet more.
Thanks for the thoughts everyone...please keep em coming.
@LostHawkGSW lol bug spray...that's a good one.
Give me the names in order from 1 to 4 please.
If you had 2 name ur child from these 4 names..Fernonda, Sha'Marion, Sha'Mya, Amarylis..which would u choose? Please give me some feed back
Sorry for stinkin' it up tonight everyone...I am a much better player than I showed tonight. I sincerely apologize for it..I owe you all one
@BigMay42 preciate it big homie...I still got a lot of work to do tho. Keep doing your thang too man.
@BigMay42 that's a bet. We should be in at like 8 tho.
@BigMay42 what's good my dude...we out there tom. Come scoop me up..
Yea I knw...I haven't been on my tweet game lately. Sorry everybody...I'll get yall updated once I get situated.
For some reason I am addicted to this Popeyes!!! Damn!!! I could eat the bone and all! No homo
@NazrMohammed great win man...yall lookin real nice out there. Glad to see you doing well...keep holdin it down big homie!
@MayDay4215 lol yo stop hatin on our program! K-State is the place to be!!! Real just recognize real! Lol!
Had a great workout today. Now it's time to get a lil rest cause I gotta get back in that gym a lil later tonight and get some more shots up
What yall think about the new background and pic?
@Apollo1Man yea I'm def bout to change up my whole profile and pic. I gotta get one wit a dubs jersey on. It's coming soon! Real soon!
Hey sorry for that tweet 20 min before game everyone...I sware I didn't knw. I sincerely apologize!
Took a tough loss at home...DAMN!!! Gotta put that one behind us tho...got Miami on Wed.
20 min till game time! Let's get it Warriors!!!
@PolQba shoot me a sample so I can see what you workin wit. Who's hav you done that I could check out?
@MARTINMARTIAN12 yea bro...we gotta make it happen! I'ma hold it down out here fo' ya tho. God is Great!
Can't sleep right now so I'm headed to the gym to get xtra shots and work in. Grind hard or don't grind at all!
It's bout time for me to get some rest. Been chillin wit @StephenCurry30 and @COSeezy.
@NazrMohammed preciate it man. The grind only gets harder from here!
@BigMay42 damn!!! Why I gotta be slaw! I'm bout to put this work in!
Yo did yall see Lebron damn near hit his mouth on the rim! That was crazy! Ppl not s'posed to be able to jump like that!
Thank you all for the support and you all who believe in me. It's time to grind even harder now!
What's good ppl...it feels good to be back in this league man. Thank G State for this opportunity! God is Great!
@NazrMohammed big bro I'm back man. Now it's time to grind even harder! Thank you man for all the advice and help!
Just got done wit some good ass breakfast from Goldy's in Boise, Idaho. Lol! What yall knw bout that Idaho...nothing! Lol
Just got to Portland, Maine...headed to the hotel.
On this flight headed to Maine. I'm bout to pass out before it even takes off...I'm exhausted!
On the flight to Chi. God is Great!
@twolvesfan where did you hear that from?
@twolvesfan where you hear that from?I wish I was.
Headed to the barber...gotta get me a nice game day cut.
Headed to the airport back to Iowa er'body. I haven't been to sleep yet...this is crazy. 8-!
@COSeezy yea fo' sho...i'll feel you in with everything that went down wit that lol! Crazy ending my dude!!! Crazy!!
@COSeezy You wild my dude...I ain't even on that no more. We just gone leave that at that. This twitter is crazy homie..
God is truly Great!!!
@COSeezy Yea I'm just tryin to hold it down over this way.
@BigMay42 Lol preciate it big homie. Just had to fill er'body in on how it went down today.
That's 4 games in a row that we beat them. They hav no chance against us! We are that SMACK!!!
SWOOSH!!!!! Wit no time left in regulation...they are cooked meat for overtime. We take the victory and their pride...we can't be denied!
The ball comes in to me and they leave me wide open at the 3pt elbow! I turn and release a beautiful 3 ball wit the high arc and everything
They recognize what we are running so I break to the ball anyway calling for it!
The play is drawn for me again. Mine you not...I never miss 2 shots in a row...NEVER!
Wit 1.4 on the clock...we take the ball out and we down 3.
Luckily we fouled the right guy who we new would nut up at the free throw line missing both freethrows...givin us a 2nd chance to redeem.
So we foul immediately...leavin 1.9 left on the clock!
Of course...we drew up a play for me on the out of bounds. I came off the screen and had a perfect look and missed the 3 ball wit 3sec left.
They came back down with 10sec on the clock and hit a nail biter in the lane. We had to call a time out...down by 3!
We came down on defense and got a huge stop and scored another basket in transtion to cut it to 1.
We cut it to 5 in the last min and my man Curtis Stinson hit a big time floater down the lane to cut it to 3.
We was down 29pts and 25 at half. We stuck together as a team and pulled it within 9 by the end of the 3rd.
First off we got a great win today!
I been off my tweet game all day...I'm trippin!
@COSeezy man I'm good over here big homie...just stayin on my grind. I should be there wit you boys but it's all good..I'ma work my way back
Gettin ready for this back to back game. We got the dub last night...let's get another one today. God is Great!!!
On the plane headed to Clevland then driving to Erie, PA and then the game tonight. This is the grind of the D League! Gotta love it!
On the plane headed to Pennsylvannia. I hope we arrive before the showdown comes on. (King James vs. The Black Mamba)
Merry Christmas to everyone!! Let's enjoy this day and give thanks to God above for allowing it to happen. God is Great!!
Just finished a great Christmas feast wit one of my teammates. I love the holidays!
@MARTINMARTIAN12 lol...you already knw!
@MARTINMARTIAN12 I got you bro...we can just say it's both of ours but we just gone keep it at my house lol.
Everytime I go to the mall to shop for someone else...I always end up buying more stuff than them.
Headed to the mall to do a lil holiday shopping. Everything prolly is gone by now...I'm super late.
@risubisu that's some good news man! Hopefully it goes thru. Till then I'm still on this grind to be great! God is Great!
@cartierMartin yo man,check out what mt2 wrote. possible call up to the warriors? hope so  http://bit.ly/72GZRn (via @risubisu)
Back in 82...I could throw a pigskin a quarter mile!
@MARTINMARTIAN12 man I just been grindin puttin this work in again. I see you on that XBox over there..I'm on that PS3.
Damn I was out for a while. That Chinese food gave yo boy the itis!
@MARTINMARTIAN12 you back home for the holidays bro?
At practice..gotta put this work in. God is Great!
Goodnight tweet fam...I'm up way to late! Thank God for another day passed...can't wait to see what tom will bring. Prayed Up!!!
@BigMay42 you just gone hate all day long today huh lol? Stop it..it's not a good habit.
Avatar...Great movie! You all should check it out. My 1st ever 3D movie.
Just got done checking out that movie Avatar. What a great movie! James Cameron did his thang on that!
@BigMay42 they can believe what they want...I'm nice wit it! Slawful stop wit the hating!
@SeanSingletary I'ma get on soon as I get to the crib..I'm headed to the movies wit the wifey, Earl Barron and his girl.
@SeanSingletary man you ain't tryin to see me. Choose the game and let me knw when you ready!
@BigMay42 lol yea right! I'm nice right now. Only got like 6 % body fat.
I need some food
@seanfrye58 yea I rather the game here. This is where I belong. I'm a NBA player...not a Europe kind of guy. Maybe at the end of my career.
Great game for us. Back 2 back wins. We gotta keep this thang rolling. Starting to get back in my flow. God is Great!
Just finished my pre-game breakfast. Now I'm bout to head to the game.
Me chillin at the table wit my goons! You better be careful how you run up on me..they something vicious! http://yfrog.com/4gvydj
@GymBrown what's good big homie? What's goin down in that H?
@M2THAK just chillin tonight homie. Got a win tonight and now I'm chillin at the crib gettin my thoughts together for the back 2 back tom.
@MARTINMARTIAN12 what's good bro? Man that Europe shit got a nigga game all f'ed up.
Game went well...we got the dub. I'm slowly but surely gettin my groove back.
Headed to the game. Gotta get a dub tonight
@JDuke7 yea it's off the chain man...I can't stop playin it. Go get it.
Bout to play Assasins Creed 2...then it's nap time. Got a big game tonight.
@BigMay42 you might as well go head and take that nap big homie...them Texas boys taking this one!
Goodmorning and thank God for another glorious day! I'm headed to shootaround to get my focus on. God is Great!
@MayDay4215 I bet you still wearing the 3D shades around the house huh? Lol!
@COSeezy yea man I peeped it. I was hoping they was gonna pull it off.
Don't forget to say yall prayers out there. God is Great! Give him all the credit and glory!
Gettin ready to lay it down. Hope the Warriors can get this win tonight.
@G0LD3NSTAT3FAN yea I agree. I'm back tho...they should call me up.
Carl Landry need to start wearing a mout piece...he keep gettin his teeth knocked out.
@zackbowring yea hopefully they'll give me another look. Charlotte is a great place.
Watchin Cavs vs. Bucks. Oh yea...Chicken Enchiladas are on the menu for tonight. Ummmm!
What am I gonna eat for dinner tonight...hmmmm. Well let me see what's on the menu.
Just got home from my workout...I feel good. I might not miss in tomorrow's game ppl...I'm gettin my groove back.
Bout to take me a lil nap before I hit up this 2nd workout of the day. Wake me up in bout 2 hours.
@MAF_CAPITAL_LLC I'm in Iowa homie
Sitting here watchin the Grinch that stole Christmas. It's so damn cold here.
And I love the grind!
Just finishing up practice and icing up these ankes of mine. I love this game!
On my way to practice. God is great!
God is Great!!!
It's bed time twitterers'...I'm up way to late to be having to get up at 7 am for my morning workout and practice after that. Goodnight!
Damn my boo hooked up them cookies and hot chocolate...I'm all warm and shit now. Pause....no Bruno!
@IGM_CWood yea man...that shit strait tho.
Bout to eat some Ultimate Turtle cookies and hav some hot chocolate. What?? It's cold than a mo' fo' in Iowa!!! Brrrr!
Just got done playing Assasins Creed 2...it's like Grand Theft Auto of the Midevil times lol!
@bigsloan32 aight I got you bro...holla at me.
@westontyler21 I play for the Iowa Energy.
@bigsloan32 I'm good man bro...back in the states. Italy just wasn't for me at this point in my career.
@NazrMohammed what's up man...I'm back in the D League right now. Hopefully not for long tho. How you been man?
All my prayers go out to Chris Henry and his fam.
@MARTINMARTIAN12 lol yea I knw man...I ran that bill up to bout 5 stacks when I was in Italy. Had to go head and take care of that shit.
And saying that...I'm now on the Assasin Creed 2. It's goin fed too.
Back on twit wit the mobile. And it feels so good! I can update yall regularly now.
I need to get me a phone ppl...I am so behind right now
Goodmorning my twitters! Time to achieve greatness! God is Great!!
Good day of practice today...I put in a lot of work. Even worked wit the big man coach to get that post game right. Time for a lil R&R now!
@Deejay14 Thanks for the pic lil homie!
@IGM_CWood who yall got next big homie?
I been slackin on my tweets for a couple of days but I'm back on now. Had to get myself situated. Time for a major come back!!
Yea I'm back baby..time to put in this work and get where I belong. God is Great!!!
@MARTINMARTIAN12 what up boi boi..I see you wit the fresh cut huh? Ya boy back in these states mane...had to make that power move!.
@Cadillac561 Iowa Energy!!! Check me out!
@IGM_CWood yea prolly so man. I'm s'posed to report next week.
@BigMay42 man I'm back in the states. I'm bout to get back in the D League and see what I can do from there.
@BigMay42 whats good big homie!
@GymBrown you wild for that twitvid my dude! lol! you knw we ain't use to havin snow in this H!
@IGM_CWood Nah mane...I had to bring it on back!
@IGM_CWood yo I'm back big homie!
Back in Houston and enjoying every bit of it. Gotta get right back on the grind tho...no time for relaxation! Grind Mode!
Home Sweet Home! Back in that H-Town...feels so good to be back home.
@BigMay42 What's up big homie. Tell them Kings to give me a look when I get back.
Headed back home. I hate to say bye...but sometimes you gotta do what ya gotta do.
@GymBrown yea man...gotta do better for myself. I put in a lot of hard work to be in a better situation. Gotta get back in grind mode!
@GymBrown what up my dude...ya boy headed back that way.
Home Sweet Home!!!
@KingPink82 Wat it dooo!!! Big homie...what's goin on! Me and Dre Day out here Italy mane...but we bout to make a move real quick. Get at me
I have some great news for you all in the next couple of days or so...it's sort of like an early Christmas gift for yall.
In weak ass Naples, Italy! I'm so ready to.....
Happy Thanks giving everyone. Hope you all have a blessed day. God is Great!!
@YungVinnyChase Man we doin aight. I ain't doin nothing out here tho...I barely even play sometimes. Its cool tho..long as I get that bread.
@YungVinnyChase Preciate it bro...how's it going over there in ol' Dutchland? What you been up to?
@seanfrye58 you'll never knw lil buddy...you'll never knw. That's all I can say about it.
So ready to...
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes...you all are the best.
I wake up to get my cake up!
@akeuno What's so ironic about me loving Benetton? How is that ironic?
Happy Birthday to me. God is Great
I love Benetton! :-)
@bigsloan32 I gotta be over here my dude...they playin wit a nigga bread and my lively hood.
Gettin ready for the game today. I'm not passing it all when I touch it...I'm putting it up everytime.
What's good everybody...it's time to make some things happen. Grind mode 100
@SeanSingletary Man Man Man...I can't even tell you on this. I don't even knw how to explain it to you.
Going thru some bs! It's time to make some changes...it's time to grind harder.
@KWAPT Hey thanks for feeling me in man...I was wondering what all the commotion was about. I'm great on my end...how bout you?
@IGM_CWood Man I can't even tell you how I really feel bout it on here. I need to be there tho.
@GymBrown yea I need something my nigga lol...I'm missin everything. Who play tonight?
@IGM_CWood yo when you gotta report in for training camp?
Yo what happened to Katt Williams?
@seanfrye58 I knew my Cats would pull it off this weekend. They wasn't gonna let the Chicken Hawks beat them at home.
@GymBrown yo I don't even knw who playin. That's what happens when you cross this water and all they watch is damn soccer.
@GymBrown You right about that bro...them boys out there to fast for that shit.
Game day! Time to get focused and concentrate on givin out these buckets today.
Sittin at home watching "House". Who watches this stuff?
@seanfrye58 What's up Manhattan and all my K-State Alumni! I miss yall and I'm coming to visit sometime.
Headed to practice...really not in a good mood right now. They must think I'm crazy or something.
@paigemia1 Thank you so much for the advice.
Man some things just aren't for certain ppl. That's how I'm feelin right now!
@IGM_CWood Damn...I ain't even check it out yet. I'm bout to see what its talkin bout tho.
Scrimmage game in the middle of the week. How how WEAK is that! I guess it's better than all these damn 2 a days we do.
@IGM_CWood Yo my dude..what's that buyout thing you posted all about? When that's goin down?
Ya boy gotta catch back up wit his tweets...somebody tell me something good.
What's goin on twitter!
@GymBrown Yes Sirrr! It goes down!!!
@GymBrown Yea it look like it's trashy out here. D Brown is the lil nigga that went to Illinois wit Daren Williams from Utah Jazz.
@DBalll yea D Jones went 1 for 11 from the field tonight and they attacked him in the post every time. Sorry D Jones...we coming at you too!
@GymBrown Lol..nah I thought you meant where my team was from. Lol! You wild! We in Naples right now..we got D Brown tom.
@GymBrown I'm over here wit Benetton. We in a city called Treviso..bout 20 min away from Venice. What you up to bro?
I didn't knw D Jones was over here in Italy. His team gettin SMACKED right now. By 40 Lol!
Chilliin in this terrible hotel somewhere in Italy! How are we one of the top teams in Italy and we stay in hotels like this...TERRIBLE!
If yall ain't got yalls copy of "No Ceilings" by Lil Wayne...yall are really slippin'. He laid the murder game down on that joint!
Man this Lil Wayne "No Ceilings" is off the chain. That's bout to be in the deck for a min!
@YungVinnyChase I'm out here in Treviso, Italy. It's not much poppin out here...it's aight.
Man that new Lil Wayne "No Ceilings" is off the chain. Yall better get on it!
@YungVinnyChase What city you in out there in Germany bro?
@GymBrown I'm out here in Treviso, Italy man. It's not a big city at all bro. The closet city to me is Venice. It's aight tho..not the best
Practice was ok today...gave out a few buckets..put some work in...and bring it on back to the crib. Ready to see this NBA season kick off!
Gotta get ready for this practice Ughh!!! Where am I gonna get the energy to do it from...I don't knw.
Hey I didn't get a chance to see the end of the Cowboys vs. Falcons game. Did my Texas boys pull it off or what?
@GymBrown I'm over here in Italy man...it's a whole different game. What you got goin big homie?
Them Texas boys always come out on top! And them Cowboys gonna prove it against the Falcons right now! Let's get it!!!
Pickle juice not gone help the fact that the Cowboys gone win this! Texas boys!!!!
HELLLLLLLLLLL YEAAAAAAA!!!!!! COWBOYS BABY
@bobkatreed Not as good as I thought. I could be better man but it's all good. Lookin forward to coming back.
YEAAAA!!!! Let's get it! Them Texas boys can't be f'ed wit! (Cowboys)
Any team in Texas I gotta ride wit em! H-Town baby
Let's go Cowboys!!!
@GymBrown What's good big homie..what you been up to? Yo boy need to be back over that way.
@NazrMohammed what's goin on man...how is everything goin wit you? I'm out here workin hard..tryin to get back there.
Just got home from our game today. Didn't do as well as I wanted but it's all good. Time to make some adjustments
It feels good to only have one practice today. Feels like I had the whole day off. Big game tom...gotta get this dub.
@TiffanyMWright I wish I could have some Cheesecake...I'm tired of eatin Italian food everyday!
You can't keep please everbody...so just keep it 100 wit ya self! Real shit!
It's Friday...you ain't got no job...and you ain't got shit to do! I'ma get you ..... today. Lol!
@iHateMe2 What's good wit it!
@IGM_CWood Man it's aight...I should of went to training camp tho. I'm strait tho. What's good wit you big homie?
What's up er'body. Man it's time to just say fuck it and shoot that bitch every time I touch it.
Man it's already time for practice. Damn!!! I just got up.
What's good everybody...I'm planning something real special in few days or so. I can't reveal it just yet but yall will knw 1st.
Man something bout to shake...I gotta make it happen.
@BigMay42 What's good big homie..how's it goin in Sac Town?
Man man man!!! Something gotta shake....and fast!
Good night twitter...it's 3 am and we got our 1st home game of the season tom. See yall later.
@YungVinnyChase what's good my dude...where you headed to?
At home enjoying my day off. Just got done doing a lil bbq the European way. Lol! Yall don't even want to knw how it turned out!
1st win in the Italian Championship on the road. Way to start the season off right with a nice dub on the road.
Big game tonight! First game of the Italian Championship. Let's get it!!!
@G0LD3NSTAT3FAN Hell yea I should of made it. Thanks for realizing big homie. its all good tho...I`ma be back next year.
@IGM_CWood Preciate it my dude..when you making that move or you doing training camp wit somebody?
@KWAPT Preciate man..you knw I will
@yankeesgod2622 We play Orleans...they are a pretty good team. They are up one on us and we have to beat them by more than 9 to advance.
What's going on twit world? I'm chillin in the hotel in Orleans, France. Got a big game tonight so wish ya boy luck.
@denniisjoseph What's going on bro. How is everything over there in Charlotte. Do they miss me?
@Rudegirlsevun Lol nah they not with me right now...they at my moms. She keepin them for a lil while for me. They will be back soon tho
What's the deal...I'm here in France now. Just finished up with practice and eating a good meal. Now it's time to kick off my shoes n relax.
Packing for the trip to France tom. I really just want to go to sleep.
@IGM_CWood it's cool my dude...just gotta get used to doing things a lil different from when you at the crib (America). Italy cool tho!
@YungVinnyChase yea you knw we need to do that my nigga. Lol! We gotta get that going...I need some xtra income. lol
I'm bout to get some rest tho cause we back at it tom for our 150th practice. Ughhh!! Goodnight twitter!
Was thinkin bout broadcasting tonight but I'm a lil drained and plus it's late over here. I'ma hook it up tom and feel yall in on the game.
Back at the crib...the game didn't go so good for us but I lit that ass up for 23! It's all good...we gone get em at they spot on Fri.
That video is hilarious!!! LMAO!!!
Watch this video: http://slide.com/t/0/0/e2RtFRACEGwM
@G0LD3NSTAT3FAN yea we need this dub today...I gotta show up tonight.
@bigsloan32 what's the deal big homie...where you playin at this year?
Just got out of shootaround (practice) a lil bit ago. Had a nice lil pre-game meal and now its time to play some Madden online.
It's gettin late so I better be gettin ready for bed. Big game tom!
@G0LD3NSTAT3FAN yea I respond to ppl on twitter.
Just finished up wit my UStream broadcast...hope everybody enjoyed it and I will be back tom.
Ustream (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Broadcasting from Italy..filling everybody in on playing professionally in Europe. (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Bout to go live on UStream...let everybody knw what's goin down out here in Italy.
Bout to eat something good wifey done hooked up for me. Ummmm!!! She always do her thang!
@MayDay4215 what's good homie lol! You ain't tryin to see me in that weight room...I'm like a body builder or something!
Just got back from practice. Going live in UStream in bout 30 min. Bout to eat 1st.
@KWAPT what's good man...I'm grindin out here. I'm bout to be on my UStream shit when I get out of practice.
Headed out the door now to practice...Damn! Another day..another dollar tho. Lets get it!
@YungVinnyChase man I'm on it this time...Lol! Nigga been stressin out here...to many damn practices!
For me coming back.
I'm bout to get my UStream going too. Gotta let everybody knw how it's going over here in Italy. And plus it's gonna be a countdown...
I vow to stay up on my twitter game from now on. Lol!
Man it's almost time for practice...time just fly's by when you are having fun.
I'm out everybody...it's the a.m. for me over here wit a double practice tom. Holla at yall tom.
@YungVinnyChase I gotta step my tweet game up tho I knw. I'm on it my nig.
@YungVinnyChase Lol what's good homie...yea I'm out here. I be tryin to tweet but my time difference is crazy over here.
I'm bringing the pain to em this game...I ain't taking it easy on none of em. I'm in that a**....pause that...no homo!
We got em again on Fri here at our place tho so it's all good. They beat us by 5 so we have to be them by more than that to advance.
Man we lost our first Euro league qualifier game to some young cats from Riga...yea I ain't never heard of it either. I didn't play to well.
@DreJones2424 yo what's good my nigga..I ain't got the internet out here man. I been posting from my boy iPhone. You knw my iPhone out! Lol
On the real tho...we gotta win. These dudes ain't even close to our level. We looking real good for the season...Siena ain't messin wit us!!
First Euro league game today. We gotta come with it cause that bonus gonna be real lovely. LOL
@YungVinnyChase I'm in Italy my dude with Benetton Treviso...when you find out where you gone be let me knw my nigga. We out here!!!
Just seen Rhianna at the airport...wonder what she doing in Italy. She looks a lot better on tv.
@mmkeeler what's up lil homie...haven't heard from you in a long time. How have you been...hope everything is going well for you. Follow me!
@YungVinnyChase what's good my dude!!! Man it's been a min huh! You knw we gotta link up...where you at my nigga?
Man it was a rough night...I'm done for at least a month now. I don't knw how I'ma get thru practice today.
@StephenCurry30 what's been going on lil homie..you all settled in out there in Tha Bay? Everything strait out this way..can't complain.
I'm bout to lay it down twit world. Last exhibition game tom before the season starts in a week.
I gotta get up on my twitter game...I been slackin
Sittin at the crib wit wifey watchin American Dad. This shit is kinda funny lol
Bout to lay it down...I gotta step my game up my twitters.
@NazrMohammed Preciate that big homie...I'ma handle up and come back better than ever next year. Hope all is well for you too...take care.
I miss being in that league tho...I can't even lie. It's all good tho...I'm coming back better than ever next year.
What's good everybody...everything been goin pretty good over here in Big It! Lookin forward to gettin this season rollin.
@BiggBossEnt214 my PS3 online name is yae20. Hit me up...you don't want to see me on the Madden.
Sitting at the crib just chillin wit the wifey and some other homies now..practice has been tough. 2nd pre-season game tom...I'm ready!
@IGM_CWood I wish you the best big homie...do your thang over there man.
@IGM_CWood Yea I feel you on that my nigga...I'm already over here. I was gonna go to camp but I couldn't pass this opportunity.
@IGM_CWood What's the deal big homie..everything strait over this way. Where you at this year?
@NazrMohammed Happy B Day big homie...hope everything is goin well wit you.
Bout to get ready for practice...hopefully we don't stay long. I need to get some rest after literally playing in a heat box last night!
1st exhibition game of the season...didn't go to well for me. I gotta get used to this European style...its all good tho.
I was too fly for this pic...please dont hate. It really wont get you anywhere. http://yfrog.com/6gfxfj
@KWAPT we have our first preseason game this Wed. It's about to start up real soon after that tho. I'm not sure the exact date.
Any online gamers out there want to see me on the Madden '10...get at me and we can make it happen. I'm on the PS3
I'm watching my boys play this Madden '10...I'm the  best tho so they don't want to see me so I let them play each other.
what's up twitter..
what's the deal twitter!
@BigMay42 man I wish I didn't hav to report til Sept 28th. Do ya thing out there tho boy..I'ma be keepin up wit ya.
@BigMay42 Everything strait my nig...just tryin to make it happen. Don't go out to Sac with that slawness now lol! When yall start camp?
@BigMay42 lol!! what's the deal slawful. Yea I'm already out here man..bout to give out these buckets!
Goodnight my tweets..It's late in Italy right now. Last day of training camp tom. Yessssssss!!!
Words of advice to all. If you think its to good to be true...then chances are that its not. Make the right decisions and life will be great
@KWAPT man I'm chillin out here in Italy. We in training camp right now. I just been chillin tho
I can't believe I fell for that BS...I will never let that happen again. Sorry for everything baby @Shall_11. I promise I will make it up.
I think I can do this Italy thing...you gonna love it @Shall_11. I miss you baby and can't wait for you to get here.
Out in Italy for the year everybody...looks like I'll have to get back in that league next year after I get this bread lol!
@KWAPT yea man I been tryin to keep my status low key while I'm in Houston. I just been workin tho...how is everything
@KWAPT what's goin on man? I just been chillin the last couple of days man. Feels good to be back home and wit the fam.
What's up world...this is H Town hasn't slowed up any since I got here. My twitter game has been slackin...I'll be back
@COSeezy what's good fam...I just been chillin low key in this H. What you up to?
@angbmoff girl you better give him that contact. Lol. He might be the one!
@drakkardnoir got's to be mo' careful. Feel better my nigga. You a beast wit it.
@souljaboytellem much love to that boy soulja...you doin ya thang boy. We fuckin wit you out here in this H Town.
What's up world. I'm lovin life right now. Shout out to God...thanks for everything that you hav done for me. I love you!
@DreJones2424 that's what it is big bro..you knw I love you man. We gone do it big in Italy! You already knw!
Bout to get a cut now. You knw I gotta be clean in the city. Plus my barber the nicest wit it.
Just touchdown! Houston let's make it happen!!!
This is just ridiculous! This would happen to me when I hav plans at the crib.
Wow now my flight is delayed cause of thunderstorms in Houston. It's just not meant for me to leave. What a day!
It's all the movers fault tho..they was takin all day wit the kid stuff.
Missed the 1pm but they got me for the 2:30.
HTown I had a lil delay
What a day
Just now gettin to the airport...don't look like I'm gonna make my 1pm flight.
God is Great
Goodmorning everyone...let's not forget to give God the glory for all our accomplishments. Cause trust me...you didn't do it on your own.
@Rudegirlsevun lol nah...I just gotta rep the crib tho. My city needs me lol
@Rudegirlsevun nah I stay cool where ever I'm at. Dallas ain't got nothin on tha H.
@PfromHtown lol what's good. What you knw bout that Nimitz?
@Rudegirlsevun Houston is what it is tho...I don't knw if the Atl ready for it lol
@Rudegirlsevun i would but my flight leave tom and plus I already had my truck shipped to the crib.
@Rudegirlsevun they say it's the new mini Atl but it ain't go shit on the Atl.
@Rudegirlsevun I'm in Charlotte right...it's nothin to do out here.
@KWAPT yea I'ma UStream tom and let yall knw what's goin down in Houston. Before the welcome home Cartier party.
@Rudegirlsevun I'm not there yet..I'm headed there tom. What you knw bout H Town
@Rudegirlsevun I guess they was closing. I was ready to go anyway
Bout to leave the cheesecake factory...they kickin me out.
@DreJones2424 yea it left today but it won't be there til like Mon or tues. I'm hittin that Ren soon as I touchdown lol
Walkin to Cheescake Factory...luckily it's next door to my place.
@LesPorter Best believe my twitterers will be the 1st to knw if something comes thru.
@DreJones2424 my flight leave tom at 1 and I touchdown at 2:30. What's good for tom?
@angbmoff Hey what's up...welcome to the fam
@LesPorter nah didn't sign with the Rockets...Houston is the hometown and it needs me.
@Martina_Nicole I'm gonna miss you all too. Charlotte is a pretty cool city.
Might I add...this couch is very chillastic too.
What's up everybody...just chillin at the crib lookin at the walls. You knw...I'm kinda gonna miss this place. 1pm flight tom...H Town bound
God is Great...need I say more. Houston here I come.
@Rudegirlsevun lol the grits was off the chain last night...I might hav to hit it up again today.
@Rudegirlsevun what's up...bout to hit this waffle house. What you up to
At the spot...im really not in the mood to party.
Things are gettin better already. Just found out I can leave sooner than I expected. So excited...H Town bound.
I have so much to do in so little time.
My place I meant lol
Bout to get a quik car wash and head back to p
Eating at the Waffle house now. That All Star special is off the hook. Damn!
Just dropped my dogs off at the airport...my babies are leaving me. I miss them already.
@KWAPT yea but not any guarantees yet. 3 more days.
@BriansExclusive what's goin on man...she hasn't gotten it yet. It should be to her by this weekend. You did a great job on it.
#iamblessed that I have a loving family and friends that are so ready for me to come back home.
iamblessed that God has done so much for me and is providing for me each and everyday
@DreJones2424 That's what it is big bro. Continue to give him the glory and he will take care of the rest. God is Great
@stekkenano hey we can get that interview going whenever you want. I hear a lot of nice things about Italy.
What's up everybody...time to get motivated and make some things happen today. God is Great
@4Slice4 be glad you ain't come out wit us big homie...you ain't miss nothing.
@BurberryNHoop should I get back on since I'm home now?
Well I'm leaving the spot now. I should of just stayed home...it wasn't even worth goin out.
We finally on here. It's kind of slow but i don't really want to be around a lot of ppl right now anyway. Just hav a few drinks and relax.
Just got to the spot right now. Who goes out on a rainy tues night. Let's see what it's like.
Don't look like we gonna go to far...the rain is officially taking over.
We still just sitting here lookin at the Ciroc bottle like who's gonna take the first sip on this  boring Tues night.
Chillin over @4Slice4 tryin to figure out if we goin out or not. It's still raining like crazy over here.
@BurberryNHoop I do own a umbrella...I got 2 of em lol
@RossGeiger No prob...I'll be back again. Thanks for checking me out
Just got off the Ustream. Shout out to everybody that was checkin me out. Thanks for listening to my probs.
Check me out on the Ustream (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Broadcasting live on UStream right now. Everybody check me out (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey everybody...I'm bout to UStream. Gotta feel yall in wit what's happening wit the kid. UStream in 5...4....3....2....1...Goooo!!!
@TashaCox1 yea cause I'm losing my mind in this place..
Chillin back at home. When I finally get ready to get out for a lil bit...it starts pouring down raining. Great!
Yo everybody follow my big brother @DreJones2424. He holdin that H Town down til I get back.
@DreJones2424 what up big bro...I see you gettin acquainted. What's goin down in that H?
At the vet wit my killers. They need health certificate so they can fly home. Houston here we come!
Bout to smash on this hamburger from The Counter. One of the best burger places I've ever had.
@JSKCKNIT man I knw it had to be a good time...KP is a cool dude.
@KWAPT yep Texas...Houston that is. My city is missing and needs me lol
@LesPorter lol that's messed up you talkin bout my boy Oak like that. His offensive game is coming along.
I'm bout to pack all this stuff in one day...I'm ready to go home.
Goodmorning everybody...time to get this day on a roll. God is Great.
Goodnight everybody..gotta get to bed so I can hav a productive day. God bless you all.
Everybody follow my brother @DreJones2424. See how us H Town boys do it.
@TashaCox1 trust me I knw...it's OFF THE CHAIN!!!! lol
Sittin here watchin Sportscenter. Shout out to my first real point guard Micheal Bourn...the center fielder for the Houston Astros. Big ups
@TashaCox1 I'm mad I missed out on that. They don't knw how you can throw down in the kitchen...they all missin out :-)
@DreJones2424 that's what it is big homie. It's goin down in that H when I get back too.
@TashaCox1 the T.O. show wasn't as good as the first one but it was still good. How was those home cooked chicken tenders? Ummm
@MsLady012 lol yea pause that. That's my bro....follow him. He will follow you too.
What's up everybody. Follow my brother @DreJones2424. He just got hooked up wit twitter and he new to game. Help me feel him in
@DreJones2424 What's up my nigga...welcome to twitter
Chillin just got done watchin the T.O. show. Man I thought it was gonna be a hour like the 1st one...that sucks
Just got done eating...now I guess I'll play video games for a lil bit. I need to relax and get my focus back on. Time to merk
@Cadillac561 maybe a lil later...I'm bout to UStream in a lil bit.
Bout to eat some leftover Maggiano's...they have some of the best Chicken Alfredo I've ever had.
@Cadillac561 lol man I was tired..I couldn't do it last night.
@TashaCox1 And thanks for the advice...I'm feeling better already.
@TashaCox1 I am so sorry for that...I didn't mean for that to happen.
@Gj_29 yea there are a couple but I can't discuss it right now.
@Gj_29 not gonna be back wit Bobcats...sorry.
@KWAPT Preciate the advice man...I just need to get myself together.
Life comes at you fast...make sure you make the right decisions.
Just got back to the crib from the gym..its been a long day. Things aren't going to good right now. I'm really going thru a lot.
Goodmorning everyone. God is great and don't forget that he blessed us wit this beautiful day. Let's make some progress.
Goodnight everybody...busy day tomorrow.
@Cadillac561 when you want to do the interview?
My shows be off the chain every time
I'm thinkin about UStreaming again but I'm gettin kind of sleepy.
Family Guy is hiliarious. Stewy cracks me up every time.
@TashaCox1 I knw you on the plane but Bentley wants you to knw you are missed.
@KWAPT yo that is a hot track by Wayne...best believe its goin on the iPod.
I like that show Entourage...I might have to check it out more often.
I need some new music for my iPod
Everybody check out that T.O. show tom...I got my DVR set already.
Let's see what's on the tube now..
@JKSU40 man this Chipotle ain't got shhhh on the one in Aggieville lol. I'm coming back Manhattan lol
Can't wait to get back home to this Chipotle. I'm starving!
@MsLady012 lol that sounds good...I might have to try that.
Just now headed to Chipotle...I'm bout to get a bomb A## burrito.
@KWAPT Gonna just start fresh tom morning. Get a nice days rest today and hit the gym early tom for those 1000+ shots.
@LesPorter yea I got a few things in the wood works but can't put it out there yet til I find out more about it. I will keep yall updated
Bout to go get me some Chipotle..I'm hungry as hell
@badassyella Lol...they can't help it tho. They ain't got nothing better to do.
@badassyella I hate em too.
@LesPorter don't have the XBox yet...all I have is the PS3 and the Wii. No gamers on that or maybe I just need some new games lol
I am so lonely over here...I need some friends. Still haven't left this couch. Guess I'll play me some video games or something.
@MsLady012 I see somebody can get a lil feisty! They better recognize! lol
What's up everybody...still haven't moved off this couch yet. I been procrastinating all day.
what's everybody...check me out on the Ustream. I'm broaccasting now (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey @yaetwenty20@yahoo.com shout out to all my viewers and followers. yall are the shhh!  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey @yaetwenty20@yahoo.com shout out to @MsLady012. Everybody follow her  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey @yaetwenty20@yahoo.com Holla at me on the UStream...I'm broadcasting live now  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey @yaetwenty20@yahoo.com everybody check me out on the UStream. Broadcasting right now  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Everybody check me out on the UStream...chillin at the crib (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Bout to UStream...everybody check me out at the Cartier Martin show.
@TashaCox1 It's gonna be sooner than later hopefully :-). I hope you hav a safe flight..tell the homies I said what's up.
@TashaCox1 you knw I'm so sad right now.. :-(
I guess I'm bout to get on the PS3 and play some Rainbow Six Las Vegas...don't hav anything better to do.
I'm sitting in the house so bored right now. I need something to do..anybody knw some fun stuff to do in Charlotte on a Sunday?
Just talked to my boy Anthony Morrow...we gotta get in this gym today. I think we might have to put up at least 1000 jumpers today.
I miss Houston...I need to take my A## home. I'll be there this week tho...its all good.
what's up everybody...I'm back in the building. Time to get some shhhh done.
Just got off the UStream...bout to lay it down. Its been a long day
Everybody check out the Cartier Martin show...I'm broadcasting right now
Broadcasting live now! See me at http://bit.ly/12XZ1F
Yall get to see me after a night of goin out...that's some real exclusive shhhhh!
I'm bout to get on my UStream shit so everybody check me out.
What's up everybody..just got back in. Had another bomb night..935 is my new spot!
@MsLady012 I might step out a lil bit tonight. I don't knw where I'm goin yet tho. I knw it's gone be off the chain in NYC.
@MsLady012 what's up girl...where you headed tonight?
Just got back home from the theme park. I'm thinkin bout gettin out again tonight. I had a pretty good time last night.
Yo I officially hate theme parks. These lines are crazy and it's hot as hell too. That is a bad combo.
Just got off the UStream bout to shower up and hit the Amusement Park. Shout out to all my viewers and followers...yall are the shhhh!
Hey #BIGDOGSTATUS20 Yea they are some beasts!!!  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey #BIGDOGSTATUS20 what's animal abuse.  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey #BIGDOGSTATUS20 I gotta show my KState fam some love out there  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey #BIGDOGSTATUS20 I'll be back in Manhattan sometime soon  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey #BIGDOGSTATUS20 I keep gettin merked. I need to start playin a different game  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey #BIGDOGSTATUS20 I'm on this Rainbow six gettin my but whipped...pause.  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
Hey #BIGDOGSTATUS20 Yo this is Cartier and I'm broadcasting live on UStream right now  (BIGDOGSTATUS20 live &gt; http://ustre.am/4lGU)
I'm on my UStream shhhh everybody....check me out on the Cartier Martin Show
I'm trying to get my UStream hooked up so everybody can check me out over here.
@LesPorter that sounds like a great idea man...I'm on it right now. I just popped the 2 asprin. Lets get a lil breakfast in now.
I'm starting to feel a lil better now...I just woke up and took my dogs out. They always seem to brighten my day. God is Great
Let's see what the day holds for me. Maybe I need to get up and try to get some exercise in....yall think that might help?
And she is so beautiful @TashaCox1. Wow!!!
@BigKeith87 I don't knw what it was. I just remember leaving my house and now I'm back home. I missed out on everything in between.
I think I had to much fun last night. I don't even remember how I got back home. It might be a rough day. Ughhh!
I'm in 935 havin a blAst
Just woke up from a very relaxing nap. Now it's time to prepare for tonight.
Man I just found out that I owe another bank money. I never even bank there before tho. Crazy I knw.
Lunch was good...leftover Cheesecake factory. Lol.
Time to get some lunch. I want something good but I knw I need something healthy. I hate havin to watch my weight. :-(
The massage was great. I should of got the 2 hour one.
At the massage place and I knw I had an appt. They are taking all day.
Goodmorning everybody. Time to get a massage to start the day off right. Nice day of relaxation. God is great.
What's up everyone. We hav another blessed day ahead of us. Let's take advantage of it and make something positive out of it. God is Great.
Having a great day...been waiting for it for a long time. God is great.
@TashaCox1 yea you right...I prolly was just being to much of a rockstar. I love Vegas. Can't wait to come back.
@TashaCox1 I wouldn't say like a rockstar...I think you just might hav been keepin me up too long lol. ;-)
I am still fighting the time change from Vegas...this is crazy.
Now I can say congrats to my boy @BigMay42. Tear it up out there wit them Kings next season...show em you still got it.
Goodmorning everybody...let's not forget to give the credit where credit is due. God I owe it all to you. Thank you for everything.
Had a pretty light day at the gym...just taking it easy on my body.
@MsLady012 what's up...how is everything goin wit you? I just been grinding daily...that's all I knw.
Whats up everybody...time to get this day on track. Let's all be thankful...remember that God is the reason for it all.
One more thing I apologize, that info is not confirmed. Word on the street about @BigMay42.
Good night everybody. Let's not forget to say our prayers. See you all tom..back to workin on greatness.
Congrats to @BigMay42 wit the signing. Wish the best boy. Do ya thang over there in Sac. No slawness lol
What's up everybody. It is a great Sunday afternoon here in Charlotte...thank God for another blessed day.
God is great...let's all have a productive day.
@jmiller112 I hope so my man...I hope so. I think I can do somethings too. I def knw that I can play in the league...and I'm sure yall knw.
I'm taking the rest of the weekend off and getting back to buisness on Monday morning. Full speed ahead!!! Holla at me Golden State.
I'm tryin to fall asleep but my head is hurting so bad and the time difference still has me confused. That's Vegas for you.
Man it has been a rough day today. God is great with it all being said in done tho. Hopefully I will get over this cold pretty soon... blah
@TashaCox1 I'm pretty sure your baby is missing you too...prolly even more. ;-)
@rodimusprime I was there. I played with the Golden State Warriors so who is your cousin?
@LesPorter hopefully I get that call but if not then I'm happy wit the deal I hav at hand.
@LesPorter quite a few teams hav gotten wit me. I hav a NBA option if someone offers me before Aug 1. Lets see how it goes.
@BigMay42 lol yea right. I was out there giving buckets that's all. You knw how I do.
Back in Charlotte now getting my stuff together. Wish I could of stayed in Vegas a couple more days. Had a blast!!
I would of never expected this to happen but I'm so glad it did. This was a very special week for me.
Just got out of practice and headed back to the hotel. The Hornets not ready for us...we taking this one. God is Great!
Enjoying a nice relaxing day...bout to go watch some summer league games. God is great.
Goodmorning everybody...let's hav a productive day. I'm on the way to practice...we play the Bulls tonight. God is great!
God is great! Had another pretty good game...didn't hav 27 but 18 and 5 boards will do. Plus a win..sounds good to me.
Headed to the gym now. Gotta get focused..big game. God is great...I have faith that he pull me thru.
Ppl this sh!$ is cold...the things some ppl do to acheive greatness.
Sittin in the ice tub gettin ready for the game tonight. Big game against Detriot..they are undefeated.
Thank God for a blessed day. I'm on the way to shootaround (practice). We play Detriot tonight. Time to get focused.
What's up everybody. As we all knw...God is great. He gave me the strength to score 27 tonight against Sacremento in summer league.
What's up everybody. Just got done playing the Rockets in our 1st summer league game. I did ok but missed some easy shots. Gotta step it up.
God is great ppl.
Good morning everybody. Up early for practice...I hate 2 a days. God will get me thru tho...gotta hav faith & focus.
Back in my room now...time to get ready for practice. Ceasers Palace has a lot of good stuff. Gotta go back when I get a lil more time.
I think I'm gonna go shopping at Ceasers Palace. I don't have anything else to do right now...might as well check out the scene.
Back in the room now...bout to relax for a few hours til practice later.
@LesPorter yea man it's crazy. And it wasn't even good. That's my last time rating there.
Sitting here at this buffet at the Mandalay Bay. I had no idea a buffet could be so expensive.
Good morning everybody body. Let's thank God for another blessed day that he has allowed us to see.
Sorry I didn't fill you all in. I'm officially in Vegas! Time to get some rest...gotta take care of some buisness tom.
Tomorrow....Vegas here I come!!!
What's the deal everybody. It's been a good day today. Got in the gym early and got up my shots. Got a massage after and had a great meal.
I love this game...but I love God more. He is the reason for everything I have accomplished. And with Him on my side...lots more to go. :-)
Hey what's goin on everybody...its been a rough couple of days here lately. Basketball has taken over my life. God has been great!
God is great!!!
Good morning everybody! Not even a week til summer league. Looks like I'll be hoopin wit Steph Curry...Bobcats dint hav summer team.
Hey what's up everybody. I've been so drained the last couple of days. I got stay motivated to push thru.
chillin at the crib...its been a rough day
Headed to the gym...time to put in this work. No time for games. God is great!!!
Its been a pretty rough week...been putting in a lot of work. Looks like I'm headed to..........for summer league. Should be exciting!!!
Chillin at the crib just came back from watching "The Proposal" with @Shall_11. It was pretty good...I'm not really a Sandra Bullock fan tho
Just got done wit my last workout of the day. Time to relax a lil bit and watch some tv.
Hey what's up everybody. I been putting in work for yall since 7 am. I love this game.
Hey what's goin on everybody. Real important week for the kid. I have to be more focused than I hav ever been. Life
Good morning everybody. Let's get better today. Hard work and dedication. God is Great!
Chillin for the last time in a long time. This is a real important week I have coming up. Time to put all into it and persue greatness.
Shout out to my pops @ShootenWooten. Good luck on the basketball tourney coming up July 11. We gone tear it down. CKT represent
Just got me a new MacBook Pro...been wanting one for a while. Its way better than any other laptop I've had.
Haven't been on in a while...its coming down to just a few weeks til summer league and I have been a little to focused. Gotta keep grindin
What's up everybody?
@superCoolBeas what's good big homie! Ima be coming down to Miami in a couple of weeks.
@Gj_29 I workout there every day. I'm focusing more on attacking the basket. I have to be a 2 guard in this league.
What's up everybody. At home gettin a lil rest...I work to hard sometimes. Destine to be great.
Just got back in town to Charlotte. Bout to head strait to the gym. Never time for rest.
Good night everybody. Time to get some rest til tom. Then it's back on the grind. God Bless
Just got done workin out for the 1st time today. Time to relax a lil bit and get ready for the next one.
Thank God for this blessed day. Time to get on ya grind ppl. Let's hav a productive day.
Gettin up kind of late this morning. Not really feeling to good but it's always days like this. Still gotta get on the grind...rest later.
Good morning everyone. Remember that God loves us so much that he sacrificed his only son for us. What will you sacrifice for him?
Thank God for allowing me to see today. That was a good game. Kobe looks like he's gonna get him another 1.
Had a great do so far...God is great as always. Bout to hav a lil relaxation time to myself. Wish @Shall_11 could be here wit me.
Good night twitter. Had a good time at the Earth Wind and Fire concert. Back on the grind tom.
In home in just enough time to see the end. Looks like Magic might of got away wit 1 tonight. Let's see.
Kobe gonna hold it down I already knw.
At the Earth Wind & Fire concert. Yea I knw...I'm bout to miss the game. Having a good time tho.
God is great. Everybody be thankful.
Time to relax a lil bit and watch a movie or something. It's been a great day so far.
Thankful for another God given day. Up early to go put this work in. Trying to achieve greatness.
Good morning! God is Great!!! Let's all be thankful. Headed to achieve greatness...NO days off
Thank God for another opportunity to improve. Be thankful for what you hav and what you can control. Let God take care of the rest.
Thank God for this blessed day. I'm so greatful for all that I hav and what He has in store for me.
@gj_29 hopefully I will
Up early this morning headed to Rocky Mount, NC to see my sis. Thank God for the countless number of blessings that He has given me.
@MISS_OTTAWA week was good. Doing a lot f working out. I'm gonna do a lil relaxing for the weekend.
I'm over here watching these Lakers...they lookin real championshipish!!
@MISS_OTTAWA I'm good...how hav you been doing?
Man I'm over here on this damn video game. I done forgot the game is coming on. I'm buggin'
Just got done gettin a cut. Gotta be clean for the weekend.
@NazrMohammed yea I'm 227. NICE!!!
Thank God for today. Let's get on the grind today ppl. Nothing won't get done if you don't get it done.
Just got done givin God his thanks for this beautiful day he let hav. Gettin ready for bed now cause its back on the grind tom. No days off!
@LesPorter I just went over there by myself to get some run in. Nobody's in town right now so I'm just goin to run a lil bit.
Back at home now. The games were pretty good. Didn't want to show em to much...they hav a lot to learn.
Headed to get a lil run in wit the UNC-Charlotte boys. Hope they got some game.
God is good...God is great. I am thankful for all He has done for me and for the postion He had placed me in. Thank you God.
Thank God for another blessed day. Time to chase my dreams.
Come on LBJ...we need a rabbit right here. I don't how you gonna get it but find away.
@MISS_OTTAWA yea I'm strait now. They better stop BS'ing wit the Magic.
Freethrows
I hope LBJ can pull something else spectacular out the bag. If not then it's curtains.
I am so sick right now!
Man I'm over here nervous as hell for the Cavs and that ain't even my damn team. There's always next year LBJ..sorry my nig.
Bout to watch LBJ...see if he and his Cavs can redeem theirselves tonight. Cause the Magic is not playin wit that ass!!!!
Thank you God for this blessed day. Headed to the gym to get better at the gift you gave me.
Why would the liquor store be closed on a day like this.
Just got done watchin Night at the Museum 2. It was terrible! I fell asleep during it and didn't miss a thing!
@MISS_OTTAWA lol! You think it will be? I've been standing in line for 20 min tryin to get some nachos!
At the IMax theatre to see Night at the Museum 2. Hope it's worth it!
@RealityTVBuzzz whats goin down tonight?
@MISS_OTTAWA I'm gonna to' sho get a pic up tonight or tom.
@MISS_OTTAWA no fakes over here!
@MISS_OTTAWA I just been doin so much other stuff. I can give you my number tho and prove that I'm who I say I am tho.
@MISS_OTTAWA I need to get my pic up there fast!
@rocketsnews call me in for summer league or something.
Watchin this game! Black Mamba better pull something out of his sleve cause Big Shot Billups is not playing!
@MISS_OTTAWA I like the Rockets but I just want to see King James and the Black Mamba in the finals.
@MISS_OTTAWA yea I'm from Houston but they ain't pick me up so I didn't want em to win.
@MISS_OTTAWA I'm goin for the Nuggets too. But I want Kobe to win. Yea I knw...that's crazy!
@Andy_Assaley what Cats you talkin bout? Baseball?
@MISS_OTTAWA just take today and rest up...that's what the weekend is for.
@MISS_OTTAWA hey whats goin on. That's good for you tho...a little excersice is always good.
Bike ride for today
Thank God for this amazing day. Let's see what the Great Man above has planned for me today. Whatever it is...I will surely be thankful.
Well til tom...goodnight everyone. Let's see what the Black Mamba brings to Denver tom. Hope he brings MJness. We'll see.
I'm so damn hype right now! Party at my crib!!!!
That's what the f$&! I'm talkin bout Bron!!!!!!!
Hell yeaaaaaaaaa!!!!!
@MISS_OTTAWA yea Toronto was cool. It seem like it's pretty laid back out there. Didn't really do much.
@RealityTVBuzzz where is Plies tonight. Im tryin to hit that up
@MISS_OTTAWA I'm just chillin in Charlotte might hit some spots up. I don't knw for sure yet.
@MISS_OTTAWA yea I gotta get my pic up there. I just got on here so I'm workin on it.
@MISS_OTTAWA nah don't speak any french but I wish I did. I might hav to learn
@MISS_OTTAWA that's what's up. Lol. Did you beat him?
Bout to play the PS3. Haven't been on it in a while. Lets see what's up wit the Ghost Reacon.
@MISS_OTTAWA where was you playin ball at?
Just came back from a bike ride. Didn't really get that much out of it. It was good I get out the house for a lil bit tho.
Goodmorning God. Thank you for another blessed day and opportunity to achieve greatness. Off to the gym!
Just got back from downtown havin a lil dinner. It was a lil busy down there.
Bout to head out and go hav a lil dinner. Tires of sitting here watchin videos all day.
@dalonteh you click their pic and then click the @ to whoever you tryin to direct a message to.
Just got done workin out and making it home. Can't wait to get off my feet.
Thank God for another blessed day. Bout to eat a lil breakfast and get ready for this intense workout for today. Whooh!!!
Whats up everybody. Been kinds of busy the last couple of days. Had to do an appearance earlier that I found out I had to speak at 15min b4.
@Martina_Nicole yea it was strait for being bored on a Mon night.
Just waking up. Thank God for another blessed day. It was a rough night last night...didn't knw it could be poppin' like that on a Monday.
@Martina_Nicole why don't you just get the condo that you were tryin to get rid of. Then you would hag plenty of peace and quiet.
Just chillin for today...nothing really goin on. Me and my Diop steppin out a lil later so maybe I'll hav something good to post. ;-)
What's up er'body. Just waking up bout to get a lil breakfast. Feeling good for today.
Just watched the new Star Trek. It was off the chain. And I don't even like Stat Trek.
@LesPorter yea pretty much. If they hav events then we are pretty much welcome.
At the Pit Crew Challenge at Time Warner Arena. Goin to check out the All-Star race this weekend.
Sorry peeps been a little tied up. Just got out the gym putting in that work. I'm a constant grinder.
Well the Cavs gave it a nice run but it's vacation time now. Let's meet in Vegas on Thurs Joe Johnson.
@Martina_Nicole checking it out at the crib...I been having a pretty rough day so just sippin a lil wine gettin tipsy.
Let's see how LBJ is gonna give it to the hawks tonight.
Just leaving the gym...it's been a pretty productive day already.
Thank you God for allowing me to see another day and bless me wit so much. Thank you!
Early morning for the kid. Time to get back on the grind tho...the weekend was a lil slow
Just hadn't really felt like typing today...it's been a slow weekend.
Disappointed in my effort right now. I should be putting in work instead of sitting on my ass!
Bron is killing them chickens...I mean hawks. They don't have no answer.
Watching these Cavs. Let's see how LeBron is gonna mix em up tonight.
At the mall shoe shopping wit my wife. Looks like it's gonna be a long day.
@LesPorter thanks man. He is the reason I am here so I hav to give him all the glory.
Just took my goons out
@Martina_Nicole where is NODA?
Goodmorning everyone! It is truly a blessed day and I am so thankful for it. Thank you God...you are the best.
Just got back from watching the Soloist. It was terrible. Jamie could of let that slide...it didn't even compare to Ray.
@Martina_Nicole got that new Rainbow 6
Don't look like I'll be taking a nap...just got a new Playstation 3 game.
Just got done workin out! Strait home and taking a nap!
Just wakin up in the morning gotta thank God. I don't knw but today seem kinda hard.
Bout to call it a night...gotta work out early tom.
Lebron is UNREAL...no homo. They can't stop nothing he doing!
Chillin at my spot in Charlotte waiting for Bron to go to work on Joe Johnson.
@LesPorter my boy Nazi put me on
@Martina_Nicole where is dinner?
Driving to the crib jammin this new Wayne!
Just got to the Driving range. That stroke looking real nice.
chillin at the Indie Erie concert
