I have decided to endorse and fully Spt Bruce Braley for US Senate. He is smart, ready, and will work hard for ALL of us!
Watched the inauguration from the farm in IA. Mixed feelings to not be there! Feeling lots of pride AND hope for our Country. God bless Am!!
Back in DC to finIsh. Hope remains eternal as I hope to come to a resolution..and do best poss for our Country. Happy New Year to ALL
Dody &amp; I have arrived in Denver for Christmas. Thanks to all of you for years of encouragement and support! Happy Holidays..and many more 🌲
Congrats to David Heusinkveld's top of the fold in today's DSM Reg in IowaLife section!! Great Photography. He also has a Great Photo book.
We must continue working to get Americans back to work that means passing a Farm Bill, PTC and jobs legis. http://t.co/k29gJN0s
Thank you @ConcordC for honoring me as part of the “brave 38” who voted for bipartisan deficit reduction.#EconPatriots http://t.co/iQDgio0i
I continued efforts to bring a vote on the Farm Bill and renewal of wind production tax credit. VIDEO: http://t.co/SKE0vxd8
Honored to receive the "Fueling Growth" award for the second year in a row from @GrowthEnergy. #ethanol http://t.co/pnNcsfiM
Today we remember and honor sacrifice. Sharing my thoughts on 9/11: http://t.co/ggLKlDA8
Thanks to Google and @IowaStateFair for allowing me to share my fair memories! http://t.co/SmK7449T
Today’s a new day for women and their preventative care thanks to new health care law. http://t.co/oGTxg7DC
Great news for Des Moines metro residents and public transit! $3 million for @rideDART improvements: http://t.co/cQ1Ov3ba
Spoke with WHO ref USDA to consider releasing CRP in drought areas for livestock grazing and hay. Farmers should contact their LcL FSA ofc.
Great recommendation for growing problem among our soldiers. More screening needed for invisible injuries of PTSD. http://t.co/aGkHTYY4
Just finished the Ankeny parade and got to see a lot of friendly people. Lots of beautiful children enjoying parade w Parents, Gr Parents
Great story on KCCI about Casey's sending Taylor Morris a taste of home. Casey's and it's Viet Nam CEO Bob Myers are CLASS Acts!
Great story on KCCI about Casey's giving Taylor Morris a taste of home. Casey's. And it's Viet Nam Vet CEO Bob Myers are CLASS Acts!
Glad to have Gov. Branstad at hearing to help us protect IA's 132nd Air Guard.
Today I spoke on the House floor against black boxes for independent truckers. VIDEO: http://t.co/JAyqGB1b #Trucking #HighwayBill #OOIDA
Congrats to Des Moines on funding for major SE Connector project, a top transport &amp; economic priority for central IA. http://t.co/eWkMhiSi
More on Col Teague. Charlie was a top gun in armed Helios. Loved looking out and seeing Charlie giving me cover on Air Assaults in VN! Thx
Last wk in DC I had a GREAT reunion with an outstanding soldier, Col Charlie Teague. We were both "Mustangs", He went to Inf OCS, I to ARTY
Today we celebrate AND appreciate the "U.S. Army's" 237th birthday anniversary. I spent a major part of my life in the Army . THANKs Vets!
Big thanks to everyone for joining us on our bike to work ride! Take part in this month’s bike events @bikeiowa VIDEO: http://t.co/GAhmN8gg
Join me and #ThankATeacher today for Teacher Appreciation Week! My first teacher, Mrs. Rose Varner, believed in me. http://t.co/DIxUvShC
Read my column in today's @DMRegister re: important student loan issue. http://t.co/f75zFCCj #DontDoubleMyRate
Reminder: RT Dept of Labor called to say they're backing off the "Youth Ag" rule. It's about time! We did it together!  #KeepFamiliesFarming
Just informed that DOL is backing off family farms. #KeepFamiliesFarming
#DontDoubleMyRate  protect our investment in our future. Education..Education
We need to maintain the low interest rate for students. An investment WITH a known return! I will continue to fight for it.
Investing in ed of youth is investing in our country. Don't put the American Dream out of reach. http://t.co/57VyiYa1 #DontDoubleMyRate
Gr8 news today for @DMschools. Findley Elem w/ arts initiative and Central Campus awarded "Green Ribbon" - http://t.co/mCZncO51
Glad we were able to help Mr. Orthaus receive the proper recognition he deserved. Best part of the job for me! http://t.co/BxAyiQ60
Great news for @dsmairport and Iowa travelers - $5.4 million for improvements. http://t.co/NnSTYj24
Today’s #EqualPay Day. I support measures that bridge the income gap btwn men and women. http://t.co/hLIhl0pw #fairpay
Just voted on @iowa_corn Cy-Hawk trophy design. Have you? http://t.co/60yAenjr
Left Creston few hours ago. Miracle no one was seriously hurt. Someone up above was looking out. Warms my heart to see a comm. wrk together.
Thinking of folks affected by last night's storms in S. Iowa, esp Creston and Thurman. Will be working to expedite assistance to the areas.
Must-read NYT column today from @NickKristof shedding light on problems of suicide and PTSD among our returning vets. http://t.co/vH689VjD
In Galesburg, IL today for Ag Cmtte's field hearing on Farm Bill. IA farmer Jane Weber testifying for us - http://t.co/lttuMtNt
Boswell Urges Swift Bipartisan Action on Transportation Bill - http://t.co/lscy1vug
Boswell Joins Effort to Bring WTO Case Against China for Unfair Trade Practices - http://t.co/fNKIUzx8
Congressman Boswell Accepting Applications to U.S. Service Academies. More info here: http://t.co/rDRn14wL
Boswell Helps Fulfill Veteran's Christmas Wish: http://t.co/JmGCFGhn
I love this! View this video on ethanol. Pretty funny and clever. http://t.co/hiLTbms7
I thank my constituents for comments. I am against legislation that hinders freedoms/hurts innovators like small biz. http://t.co/UvOMhjkC
I have had a Great birthday day! A BIG thank you to the many wishes and expressions of "many more"! I am thankful & count my Blessings!
Having a Busy "Great Day" celebrating and THANKING Veterans on their day. Been to many events, more to go. Everybody...thank a Veteran!
Continuing to work hard on convincing others to Spt Am Jobs Act. We need it on the floor now.
Envolved in non stop meetings, pushing hard for "Made in America", and The " Jobs Act " we need to get it on the floor AND PASSED!
Gson Matt's football game will be on ESPNU @ 6:30 CST. Denver's Mullen High Sch have been Colo H Sch champs last 3 yr going for 4. Go Matt!
It was Great to see Gabby last night! She is an inspiration to us all. Looks like we move to next buget event. Need more "fair" sharing.
My family and I appreciate all of the concern. We are Ok. Much praise and appreciation for ALL Law enforcement. Great job..thanks
Next parade is Windsor Hts. Looks like sun shine. We nearly drowned in the down pour last year! Again, Happy 4th, and let's celebrate USA!
Stop..appreciate our GREAT country. Happy 4th to all..enjoy!
Shame on WI 4 stripping workers rights to fair pay, benefits. They clean schools teach kids repair our roads. I stand w public employees.
Congrats to @ThePrincipal for receiving DoD award for taking care of military employees! http://tinyurl.com/3mufaxu Way to set the standard!
Just shared in Memorial Day activities at the Star Museum at Camp Dodge. Very well done. Thank a person in uniform and all Veterans today.
House passed my amdt today to study why soldiers are returning home to face new battle – breast cancer. http://tinyurl.com/3wj6pyx
Colleagues & I on the Populist Caucus think #gas2high! How about you? http://isgastoodamnhigh.com/
CFTC charges big oil speculators with price manipulation in 08. Let's look into what's happening to gas now! http://tinyurl.com/3faory6
Watch & vote for my response on Afghanistan in YouTube’s first ever town hall debate. http://tinyurl.com/6gvuryn
Thanks to US military spouses for the support they give our soldiers on this Military Spouse Appreciation day. U play an important role!
Tomorrow we celebrate RN day. Nurses are SPECIAL. Dody and I call them Angels. A BIG thanks to all nurses!
Today I voted to keep oil produced in the US for american pumps only. Domestic drilling is at 10yr high. Let's keep that here!
Great interview with @whoradio on rising #gasprices & my request for Ag hearing/investigation on oil speculation http://tinyurl.com/6kzdbqs
We have waited long to get Bin Laden. I am Very proud of our forces. Looking forward to bringing our troops home. God Bless America!
I have new hope after meeting with Ankeny HS students and their induction into Nat'l Honor Society
Just gave WW II medals, including The Purple Heart to Navy Vet Ernest Schwab in Newton. An Honor to assist veterans in their just dues
Again..we talked to the seniors today about preserving Medicare AND using other sources to reduce the deficit.
Enjoyed meeting with Iowans at the Polk County Senior Center to talk about how we can preserve Medicare benefits for all.
Standing up for Medicare, refuse to shift costs to seniors to keep paying out $$ to oil gas execs and top 2 percent
Lively call with IA seniors about protecting Medicare on my telephone town hall. Thanks for participating! http://tinyurl.com/6gva5fv
Or you can read it online - http://tinyurl.com/6648yn2
was cut off. Bedell's "Those who own America should help pay for Govt". Thanks Congressman for speaking out. Timely! Page 9A
Plse look @ Berkley Bedell's column in DSM Reg today. "Those
Voting to keep govt running, Americans working and to make sure our troops and families are taken care of
Republicans' budget destroys Medicare as we know it, guts education $ to give tax breaks to corporations, super rich
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Keokuk County Sheriff's Deputy Eric Stein's family and fellow officers.
Stop the attacks on workers and middle class families. http://tinyurl.com/3go5f2r @IowaAFLCIO @transportworker
Iowa ranks 3rd in nation for worst bridges. We need a highway bill now! Investing in Trans creates jobs! http://tinyurl.com/6zxt6mb
Thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Japan in aftermath  earthquake & tsunami and to all still endangered in Hawaii and West Coast.
@BrandonJRouth Always great to meet an Iowan doing big things. Keep up the work for AmeriCorps and hope to see you in Iowa!
Met great Iowan Brandon Routh today. He plays Superman in the movies and in his work supporting AmeriCorps. http://twitpic.com/40h90l
We are in this together. Any ideas out there for District events?  Let me hear from you.  http://tinyurl.com/boswellcall
Never enough time...so much to do! Any doable ideas out there for District events? We are in this to gether. Let me hear from you.
Pres looked to the future in SOTU. Stop politicking, move forward on the economy & jobs.  If we do not, other countries will.  Economy&jobs!
Today was a terrible tragedy for ALL Americans. We all pray for Congresswoman Giffords recovery & All others involved, plus their families.
1st day of the New Yr & 1st day of the rest of our lives! Let's work & reach for the BEST we can be & praise be we get to do it in the USA!
We wish Health and happiness to ALL, and our special thoughts and thanks to the men and women in uniform.
Tomorrow is Christmas for many and a Special Holiday for ALL. Let's stop for a moment and remember the many things we are thankful for.
Just finished having a great discussion and lunch w/Sec Vilsack. Good things happening for Rural Ia with broadband and new jobs!
Had a special visit today with World Food Processing in Oski. They rec'd a substantial USDA loan guarantee. Lot's of Jobs! That is good.
Mon spoke at the last send off of IA Gd to Afghan. It will be a much happier day when we welcome them back! Remember the families too.
Big day. Was there to watch POTUS sign the historic Financial Reform Banking bill. Hopefully..no more wall street debacles
Busy day, VFW St Conv., D Moines Art Fest, Nat'l town meet @ Drake, Vinton parade & Party in the park and din. At Phatt Daddy's in Marengo
Today we renamed the Des Moines main Post Ofc the "Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans Memorial Post Office". Thank you Veterans
Thanking Veterans is a good thing. We enjoy this great country due to their sevice to all of us. Thank a veteran today
Started Memorial day at Camp Dodge. Big turnout @ Gold Star museum. if you haven't seen it, plse go when u can. Super displays. Cont'd
This morning, @ Ft Leavenworth, I was inducted into the Command and General Staff College Hall of Fame. A very special moment!
Wearing wooden shoes, I Just finished participating in setting a new  Guinness world record wooden shoe dance @ the Pella IA Tulip Festival!
1st Field hearing on next Farm Bill was held in DSM @ the State Fair Grounds yesterday. It was well attended and very informative.
I was able to witmess Sarah Brown Wessling, Johnston IA. receive the Nat'l Teacher of the Year award from Pres OBAMA. It was a great moment!
Earth day. We have many to appreciate...and much to do. The earth is for ALL of us and those that follow. We must do our best to preserve
We had our Academy orientation this morning and our annual High Sch Art contest. Great talented young people at each. Makes us proud!
Just finished visit to Grundy Center Schools PT4life program w Dr Greg Peterson and St Sen Hatch. GREAT Model for Preventive Health care.
News...AARP supports the Health Insurance Reform Bill! http//tinyurl.com/ydsk8ra
Check out my Latest News Blog at http://tinyurl.com/yetb6mo for up-to-date health care reform news.
Good news! Nonpartisan CBO reports health bill will reduce deficit $138 BILLION in 1st 10 yrs, $1.2 TRILLION in 2nd 10 yrs.
In IA (Ankeny) Participating in the Ag work shop today w Sec. Vilsack & AG Holder concerning competition. Great turn out and informative !
I support health insurance reform that WILL make health care AFFORDABLE for EVERY Iowan. http://tinyurl.com/yc2e2x4
It appears the Senate is finally moving on the extenders. I am sure that folks w/o work, and on COBRA are thinking "about time!"
You can watch the W.H. Health care summit today live on my website. http://boswell.house.gov. It is going on now.
Monday night's round table was informative and many reasons to believe in young business leaders. Very positive and good ideas.
Another special moment this wk end when we visited South Tama elementary. We ALL should spend some time w/ 1st & 2d graders. Pumps you up!
Many weekend highlights. Building a better world with our African American community. Great program with lots of success and more to come!
Terrible situation in Haiti. USA...and many others are responding vigorously. We must help..we are. We are engaged too.
A BIG thank you for all the Birthday good wishes! As they say... getting older beats the alternative!
After this winter storm, (WOW), let us all thank the workers AND officers that cleared up our roads and streets and made us mobile and safe
Happy New Year to ALL. The Eternal hope within me is that 2010 will be better for us. We are READY! Together we can do it, and WE WILL!
End of the day. I hope All have had a great Thanksgiving. We have been with family, and had a good day. We remember our troops too.
Met a lot of American Vets today at Vet Day events in DSM, AIB and Pella. A Big Thank You to ALL Veterans for serving our Country.
Just had a super visit at East High to recognize Fabiola Plascensia for her good job as a Page for Congress. Great bunch of young people!
I had a great visit with Sec Vilsack this morning. USDA is making a $30 M  Pork buy. Producers need the help and are very appreciative
Started the day in Altoona, stops in Toledo, Vinton, Marengo and Grinnell with Citizens and Lcl Gov Officials. Met new econ developer IA Co.
We had a very good Health Care Town meeting yesterday in DSM at AIB. 5OO turnout, lots of info to take back to DC. Excellent participation.
Met many Veterans today at the State Fair Veterans  parade. Just flew over the hail damage in the District. Devastating damages.
Just participated in Welcoming Home an IA Nat'l Guard Unit at Camp Dodge. Returning from Afghanistan. Good to get them safely home.
Mr Gil kerlikowski, new Drug Control Policy Director came to the Hill today to Spk to Me & the other Meth CoChairs.
Great News! Just learned that IA has been ranked 4th among the States in CNBC's Top States for doing Business. Kudos to Gov Culver and Team!
I had a good exchange with Chairwoman Slaughter (Rules) regarding use of antibiotics in livestock. We all want safe food. So do our farmers!
Iowa has been shorted for a long time on Medicare reimbursement to our Hospitals and our Docs. This is the time to fix it!      f
We have worked hard all week to get some fairness in to Health care reform. We'll see what Mon brings. It has a way to go-we are trying!
Just finished presenting the "CUP" at the Hy Vee / ITU Triathlon. It was truly a WOW to see the finish!!
Mr Waxman and Markey are rechecking their #'s and have expressed concerns for unintended impact in IA and Mid W, States.
I had an interesting and beneficial visit from Ms Carol Browning, POTUS's Enery Advisor yesterday. She will insure that the Pres hears us.
We will continue to work against an unfair allotment that would treat Iowans utilitiy costs unfairly.
We are working hard to improve & pass an Energy/global warm. bill. We claim some success and plan to vote for it. See next.
Today, my staff reminded me that I haven't been "twittering". All of us were busy with DSM Partnership last week. A great visit , over 200!
Alexis Taylor on our DC staff is an Iraq Vet. Thanks to HER work, we intro'd a Bill requiring VA to provide improved care for Women Vets!
Another Memorial day. Plse seek out a Vet and thank them for service to our country. Did you know that Women make up 8 % of today's Mlitary?
I had a great meeting today with Secretary USDA Vilsack. He and John Norris are settling in and doing a super job. They are a good team.
How fun and exciting to watch Shawn Johnson and her partner WIN Dancing with the Stars!
At 7 Mon Morning we do our annual Bike to Work ride. We are hoping for good WX and lots of people joining us. Start from 39th and Grand.
Molly was actually in the Parade with her baby marching with a large group of Mothers and children. Pretty neat and great to see Molly.
Just finished marching with the Am Legion in the Bella Tulip Festival. A high Pt when Molly Klein (in costume!) appeared at my side! More...
We had US Sec Ed Duncan visit Grundy Center Ele Sch this AM to see their PE for Life program. Super, New Tech teaching children Health Care!
Today was a Great day! POTUS gave a super speech today ref Alternative Energy and energy indep. Also, I was right-Air Force1 is a cool ride!
POTUS gave a Great speech in Newton on leading our nation in Alternative Energy! On our way to DC. Just as I thought, AF 1 is a cool ride!
Beautiful day. On my way to Newton to join POTUS for Earth Day visit to IA. Planning to return to DC on AF 1. That works for me!
Lots of mtgs across the Dist. People have a lot of anxiety, However, desire and ready to do all they can to go forward. We can & we will.  f
Great week in IA. Headlined by an outstanding Women in Business meeting. Over 88 attended. 1/2 in Business, the other 1/2 ready to start!
We had a great meeting this week for Women in Business and Women who want to start a Business. Great turn out, nearly 100!
I think I am correct. I'm betting that Grandson (one with new haircut) has a New lady friend in his sights. Hmm wonder if she will see him!?
Sitting with my dau, just learned that my 15 year old Grandson just got a haircut! Hmmm...He must have a new girl friend!
Just finished meeting with a room full of Jrs and Srs from Belle Plaine High School. Impressive Grp of Students!
I chaired an Ag subcmte hearing on the Ag Economy today. Dr Neil Harl, "Distinguished Prof" from IA State testified and was outstanding.
It has been a busy 24 hrs. POTUS last night, Eisenhower Commission today to select the Architect for the Ike monument, tele town hall tonite
At 7:10 this eve, I will be conducting a telephonic Town Hall meeting. You can call in # 877 229 8493, use Pin #13541. Join the call-Welcome
The Cherry blosoms are nearly into full bloom. WOW, what a beautiful sight to behold! Mother Nature is a great Artist!
POTUS spoke with passion that the budget must pass to allow the economy to rebound. ” We are in this together ”
It is nearly 5:30PM. We expect the President to arrive soon to speak to our Caucus about the budget and?? Anxiously waiting.
Our caucus is scheduled to meet with President Obama tomorrow night. I am looking forward to that. More later.
Headed back to DC. We had a good meeting with the White House yesterday on Health Care reform in DSM. I have great Hope that we move Forward
Having a great visit with my daughters, Diana and Cindy.
Several of us went to bat for Veterans today and WON! Vet's will NOT be taxed for Service Connected injuries. They already Earned VA care!!
Just signed on to a Ltr expressing outrage for the bonuses paid by AIG to Executives
Visited our farm Sun. 20+ new baby calves. Great fun watching them play in the sun! Off to the airport shortly-back to DC.
Great meet Town & Country Sat night Oski. Super Jazz band from N Mahaska too!
Just had an hour with OMB Dir Peter Orszag. I accept and believe that the Pres and Admin are working around the clock. Lot's of effort!
Attending the newly organized Progressve Caucus. Spkr Eric Burns, Pres., Media Matters for America. Promoting the Middle Class!!!
Addressed House Floor today in support of Pres. Obama's executive order on Stem Cell Research. On youtube and website at boswell.house.gov
Just left a great visit to the JDRF walk for the Cure! Great turn out. We Support efforts (big time) to push hard on research.
I had an excellent visit with Secretary Vilsack. He is tuned in to the job, gathering good staff and Very busy.
I am getting ready to head out for a visit with USDA Secretary Vilsack.
Welcome!  Glad to now be on Twitter.  Hope you enjoy following along.  Be sure to check out my new website at www.boswell.house.gov
