Man Steve, Nik Turner is sort of a prophet don’t you think? Reminds me of the early surf movies.. This morning my boys played Twisted Sister. Something about wanting to rock. And it kind of did- so I let it alone.. There is a degree of cerebralness about Nik Turner that appeals.. https://t.co/teSQ83zTNO
Now look what you’ve done! It’s just past 6 and I have gotten halfway through these GREAT suggestions for- not so new but very very tasty music. I’d like to thank you all. I found your music to be very genuine. Like birds that sing in the morning. It really is right up my alley..
At the point where I feel like entertaining yet I want to be entertained? Anxious for music, but digging deep with dusty fingers for music I’ve not yet heard. There’s lifetimes of great stories (and music) already told that you might not have ever heard. Scott Walker for example.
Always find the worst storms are followed by the most beautiful cloud formations. Truly Heavenly.. When all is said and done with hatred and war, peace aught to come with a silver lining.. Went to Vegas to play our music for program directors. Nice to put a face on the stations.. https://t.co/RvjQRXxEmS
Leaving Las Vegas. It is hailing round bebes down on the tarmac. And it just occurred to me that I would rather die in route to someplace exciting- then be terminally ill. Not to sound morbid- it’s just that it sounds more glorious than being bed ridden (I know we can’t request). https://t.co/hvMun3vYh9
Sticky, Not to make light of your situation- but I distinctly remember getting the “easily distracted” tag on my own report cards. In fact I got easily distracted almost every year in school. What the card should have said is: “And so I turned him onto a subject that he enjoyed”. https://t.co/6SfJg0YCot
Yes it is such a fragile balance we strike between hard work, being engaged, and resting-taking time off-time out. The feeling I’m most uncomfortable with is the feeling of being left behind/ left out. It comes after I have had too long of a time out. So we toil (over our heads). https://t.co/B37SBWNFJN
Yesterday was better than expected. It was not without extra effort, or prioritizing time. The best part of the day was speaking with my son- home sick from school. Not sure he was sick. Think he picked up on my slacking mannerism. We talked about the trajectory one sets in life.
If this collective reality (yes we are weaving it together my brothers n sisters) is full of conflict treason full of greed full of separation full of shit; I suppose I will start dreaming of a world that is peaceful artful meaningful, delightful and the air is filled with music.
Last night I had a peaceful dream. Owned an airplane I could fly myself. On board were musicians that I so enjoyed playing with, a lovely tour manager wearing a white dress against her dark skin. The airport had “burners” in residence. Quite a scene. Reality’s become such a drag.
JFP, Did watch this doc. this morning.. I remember watching Curt Flood as a player (Cardinals). Even had his baseball card. Must say I am sickened by the treatment he received because he stood up for players rights. Have been sickened all morning. Seemed like a lovely man. RIP https://t.co/2PEjkDMznO
@RICHARDMIXINN The Wonderful Wilton House; Richard you ever visit us? The top windows up near the roof was my bedroom. It was in fact the attic (that held the addicts). Man the artistic freedom’s that went on up in that space!.. An occasional pigeon coming thru a slat- and many a slumber party. https://t.co/mBT2H3EHtG
Scott, Saw some photos of Mammoth Mountain this morn. 10 feet of snowfall? You in heaven man? Looked like a snowboarder’s dream. As for tequila- Dobel is a sweet sip. I no longer rep them- but you can’t go wrong with it over ice. Next run will you catch some air for me? Cash in.. https://t.co/es11b4fhHZ
Craig and Kaep; both suffering. When that commercial Kaep’s in wraps, he’ll live on wishing to be a part of the active history of sports. Looking for a team. Wanting to affect others by making great plays. Flex his athleticism. An add campaign lasts 1 season. Both need jobs now! https://t.co/cP0HJqaI2c
uh- oh- owe- ahh! CRAIG!! Wake up!! You ok?(whaat haapenned?) You were having a nightmare. Something about living with your mom- and me being an idiot. Craig I started out with 0 dollars. 0. I work hard to this day @ 60, so back off of my life; and I’m sorry you’re in tuff times. https://t.co/SLAxEIu7BG
Where I was heading Kelly. Think we could ever get there? Jane’s vs Body Count! When I was in high school (70’s)- we had race riots. Blacks vs Irish vs Italians vs Jews. We Jews didn’t do very well.. Thought we’d all outgrow those adolescent feelings. (I just don’t hate anybody). https://t.co/kgVGMSiFcC
Got an idea on how we can make next year’s Supa’ Bowl a little more entertaining. We get Kaep to quarterback 1 team- Brady the other. Brady’s helmet MAGA and red. Catholic priests on his team. Kaep’s- Afro beautiful, Baptist’s suit up with him. Already more interesting than LIII! https://t.co/p3aq0KXUJc
Ruined his life because- what he worked his whole life to hone and perfect was the position of NFL quarterback. The best years of his natural life will pass without stepping onto a field to display his talent and compete. That is just what’s happening here. We loved watching him. https://t.co/VHm3zlZdcb
Not speaking about anyone but Kaep. They have ruined this man’s life because he took a frigin’ knee for social injustice. Meanwhile people who should be teaching us how to live righteously- secretly molest woman and children with no consequence. Whom should the young now emulate? https://t.co/EQwddHIgMJ
Gee Gina, You have to be hearty: Live within the polar vortex, rescue animals, and put up with that insolence. We still thinking about telling woman what they can do with their bodies? Yah, heard the guy on tv talking about it last night. Like to see him tell it to Stacy Abrams.. https://t.co/fKrMakZyAT
Mind drifted oddly off to football this morning? Oh yes it seems the Catholic Church is having some big problems with sexual impropriety (priests harassing nuns!). Had no idea? You know; you hear less about sexual indecency in the NFL, then in the Church. (Lay off of Kaepernick).
@TaylorHawkins and @DaveGrohl last night putting in work.. New acquaintance @zackbrownband played “War Pigs”, @RogerTaylor played “Under Pressure”, Taylor and Dave sang incredibly well.. @TomMorello ripped solo on “Mountain Song”, @PaytonManning reported “Good stuff” at soundy.. https://t.co/trVCxTP8nT
Yes, Etty &amp; I are @laRams fans. So this morning at 6am we got up- caught a ride from the Liner family to Atlanta for the SuperBowl. Glad we made it. Now I’ll be able to make soundcheck- as our friends from @foofighters, are playing @DirectTV SB Party and asked about #MountainSong https://t.co/1E3eXRb0OM
Utah Mountains from our fun run up at Sundance. Pretty. Leaving soon for Atlanta and the Super Bowl. It’s raining hard out this way (wished to get a dry walk- but a crisp wet one sounds almost as good). This year is turning out as predicted; Hard work; pressing forward. Results. https://t.co/gJSwX1a3F8
That moment when you almost regret coming on a trip but reserve your opinions long enough to run into some old friends and then make some new friends? Then you get a few days on the mountain where you pull fresh air in your lungs and nature in your eyes? Glad we came to Sundance. https://t.co/4he2WFVQJG
Fellas, Perry Farrell here- happen to be up here at Sundance. Congratulations on the Desolation Center documentary! It is entirely true- The early 80’s were amazing and informative years for the lucky young men and woman who attended the parties &amp; bold enough to put on the shows. https://t.co/bBjzHs7lhy
We were fortunate enough to grab the last 2 seats in the theater- to watch the new @ScottZ.Burns film @TheReport. Subject matter was very heavy (the use of torture by the CIA after Sept. 11). An important film every American should see. We truly are a nation built on our values..
Yes Dureay, Babel is the English spelling since I was a boy. Recently I read a maamar about Bavel from the 18th Century in which it was written thusly. Could see how the mistake could be made as the B and V are similar in Hebrew. In fact the same shape except the V missing a dot. https://t.co/iX8X9NOZAk
1 Honestly there is a terrible feeling in my guts that has to be inside the guts of most of us. I just keep thinking about certain individuals currently on earth that rise up around us like the Towers of Bavel. They effect our health, mental health, and take up all the bandwidth. https://t.co/oJEP2WtzSR
Scott, Guess what? I am up in Utah as well, and you have inspired me to go off on an afternoon walk here in Park City. It’s a beautiful place. I came up here to snowboard, and meet up with video directors, and other’s who can help produce our live show. Man- the slopes are empty? https://t.co/wQOliFmZSS
Well Hello Everyone (Especially you government workers)! Just got news the shutdown is ending! Yes apparently the air traffic controllers were shutting down LaGuardia Airport which would have created ripple effects throughout the country and ended travel. But what about the wall?
Pretty Cool Jenny Potter, That is us during Satellite Party days. One thing we Ioved about the story were the Solutionists. Check out Revolution Solution; a track produced w/ Thievery Corporation. And Etty was a blond. It took a toll on her hair- but I thought she looked pretty.. https://t.co/nTMRvM5rPs
Tonight is a special full moon a super blood full moon eclipse. What does that all mean you may ask (as I look up at a full red moon above)? Aside from wolves howling in hunger, the unpredictable is about to happen. Don’t walk in the woods tonight- but get back on track tomorrow. https://t.co/oxY5E6bRUW
So much has happened since we last spoke. Performing downtown in support of UTLAnow strike @TomMorello, performing for children who are at risk-Chris and Vicky Cornell Foundation at the Forum. This feeling of doing for others. It has made me more likable. I even like myself more.
Tom Morello is really turning out to be a treasure of a man. As genuine of a fella as there is. You look into his eyes and you see a strong sense of direction, and that- where he is coming from, is from a good place. Came up together in the music biz. So cool to see him thriving. https://t.co/3QDFaHwaRA
Thank you for reminding me.... https://t.co/BhZoDWvbsd
I do walk that way when I am out walking alone. https://t.co/6lHYqGclw0
💪🏼👊🏼RT @EttyLauFarrell: Smaller class sizes. Nurse on site.Students to have access to psychiatrists. Class aides, demands teachers are making@+  fair living wages. Educators teach &amp;care for children.Please support them. #lausd #UTLA #strike #redforred https://t.co/qy0EYseDHG
BR, Will hang in. I left my immediate family in the 70’s, came out to Cal. Made a family of my own. Didn’t look back. When the call came that my dad was dying I returned. Given the necklace by his 2nd wife, the past became more pleasant? Snatching it churned the bottom of my gut. https://t.co/moC6iafehC
I love your Moma’s hair color Geri, You are an excellent daughter. I try and get my boys to walk me- they are usually too engaged in their games. And so I try and become interested in their games as well- but find my mind wandering out the window for fresh air. It’s raining hard. https://t.co/LrntH2EVlA
“So listen very carefully to what I say and you will see I love you. For Ever and Ever.”Sorry to hear about Inspiral Carpets- BJ, We performers put our bodies to the test (just as an athlete). Amongst the injuries I have suffered- 3 operations in my stomach to repair torn lining. https://t.co/rxsoTJcyeH
Walking is great for you. Supposed to be life extending. Good for the heart lungs skin and brain- even helps release lower back pain. Knowing all that- you can’t miss a walk today can you? (Fuckin’ freezing).When I walk, I lift my cage as if I am on stage. https://t.co/dRg7vWImRc
What a trip it was to walk into rehearsal with Tom Morello and Brad Wilk for The Forum show on Wednesday (the 16th) for @ChrisandVickyCornell’sfoundation, and find Geezer Butler playing bass.. Playing music with Geezer gave me a rush I was not expecting. Us boys have our heroes..
Sometimes it’s nice to be alone. Do exactly what you want, learn about exactly what interests you- come and go according to your own clock.But then there are the moments when being part of a happening brings a thrill to living. This past NYE was great for me. I danced in a crowd. https://t.co/xk9h5WLfaQ
Sean, Sorry to hear about Maceo. He looks like he was really loved. Even I haven’t made a sign for my pet.. We have been preoccupied with the passing of our friend’s cat. Etty crying for days. She thinks about the inevitability of our pets passing, and is pressing for a new pet.. https://t.co/WZXZJdav29
Best to think about what you still have rather than what you’ve lost in a world of constant transition. I enjoy being by myself a lot but the thought of not having my family leaves me breathless. So here is an Etty collage of the day we brought home Cloud (who sleeps on our bed). https://t.co/PQwi6ynkh1
I have a friend who just lost her cat (terminally ill) and another friend who lost his home and his music in a fire. When I think of my stolen jewelry- it’s nearly impossible to feel badly for myself. I feel bad that I feel bad for myself yet feel better that you all feel for me.
With the Mob that, Now is most important. Mysticism is not based on fairy tales,it is passed on esoteric information about our internal matrix. Fairy tales are uninteresting; learning about what makes us human, the journey of our spirit is of keen interest to me. And so poetic... https://t.co/omHHuAmxWo
Thanks for this BJ, Putting the cast of characters together right now for Kind Heaven. Could see why Claude would be a hero to you. Because of his sense of freedom and creativity. It takes a lot of confidence to come out today- imagine the 50’s? Glad you shared the rare pictures. https://t.co/IZfZECrje9
In (Gan Eden) there is the possibility of eternal life. Angels can learn of sin, acknowledge sin objectively. No attachment. Adam, Chava and their offspring; built differently. When exposed mankind is hypnotized, drawn to sin. So they’re sent down to die, and rid the soul of sin.
Oh please feel free to use the video KNBC; the police department had no real use for it (much as I had hoped). It only hurts in the morning when I go to put my fathers necklace on and it’s not there. Like any loss- a loved one- a pet, your thankful for the time you had with them. https://t.co/ExAypphimC
Almost James, But this year is different in the way that: a woman is pregnant for 9 months- but the actual birth that takes place is different from the other 3 terms she experiences. Yes she has ups and downs all through the 9 months- but the time of the arrival is most intense.. https://t.co/kvJmRDTQoJ
Well- ok you caught me... Also in that bag that was taken were my reading glasses.. So yes- 20019 is a long way off (that double vision is a mutha).. I meant 2019 in my last post, and I must also replace my glasses too. But what I said stands: Push through the uncomfortability... https://t.co/5ohZYAg9Uo
My prediction for 20019: It will be an up and down happy sad laugh cry year. If we remember who we are, do not lose sight of our goals, and step up and into uncomfortable spaces that we’ve previously resisted; we will make great strides and progress. Reality is not without pain..
As we were moving the heavier pieces of luggages into our house after coming home from our Aspen holiday, we left Perry’s carry-on, an Alexander McQueen, on the ledge next to the gate. It wasn’t there when we went back for it.  2005 red Toyota Avalon. https://t.co/DiVIjgaulQ
My father made this as a jeweler in the 70s. It is the ONLY thing /inheritance I have from him. It was in the back that was stolen out of my driveway. Please help me get it back. I am devastated and heartbroken. #santamonica #2005redtoyotaavalon https://t.co/OZuPhSzl4U
There are so many interesting things to read, stories to share? Valid points- amazing attitudes- beliefs I generally agree with; then comes the overlap... The moment I ask (is this person off?). The word Love resonates but being privy to all universal truth? Too much information?
Much of my studies this year will be about generating the sufficient amount of mental momentum needed to escape the shackles of mundane yesterday, and propel myself (along with you of course) into the fast approaching 2nd Messianic Era. “Essays On The Imminence of the Redemption” https://t.co/o7H9IBoH09
I did it! Read a book, (smoked and wrote a song on the balcony as fireworks blew overhead). So Relaxing (and Thrilling like I like).. Gathered more ideas for a new year. Decided at midnight to go out to the party (did not know many people go home then)? Danced.—Read again at bed!
Dear God,Yes I think about shutting up almost every moment. Catch my thoughts temper reactions all day long. It gives me a chance to consider the repercussions of my words. Words have weight and can strongly effect the people you speak to. Contemplation makes for far less regret. https://t.co/ij3YfTogST
A new year upon us with all it’s resolutions. Almost everyone has a recipe for success. Great ideas lead back to one prerequisite. A must- to experience love. To be sheltered by love; encouraged by love is how we move thru time. Riding waves of love. Lovelessness is a dead stop..
Lately I imagine life as if I am in pursuit of a championship of happiness. I slow- as if I am about to shoot a ball or defend a goal. Breath deep relax my mind. When a good feeling comes over me (like that was fun- or that’s funny)- I make a mental note. Life has great moments..
I wonder have you thought of a New Years resolution yet? Mine will be to read more books. The mind is always in motion- occupy it this year with things other than “what a mess we’re in”. I do realize we are in a mess- but it’s like leaving the house with 1 glove missing. Oh well.
I really really hope you are having a happy holiday. One good thing about it is; have been getting outside much more- away from the tv, and cell phone as a matter of fact. Went on a three day tear (just let the phone die). People commented that I look amazing (it’s carelessness).
Well you are totally worth having people follow you Layne, We welcome all those with a good ear for music and dancing bones to move the party along. 1 stipulation: Walk the earth in a spirit of kindness and giving. Expect nothing in return- don’t complain. https://t.co/bnUgW5iCW6 https://t.co/Mrzjpk583o
Thank you @BoyanSlat for your great effort to ridding the ocean of plastic dreck. Your confidence makes me smile. I am down on the coastline almost every day. I watch the shore break hoping to see a family of dolphin on a morning swim. Always come to thinking about water quality. https://t.co/4JIUHTE9P9
Yes Dana- 2 Ls, Can you please explain a few more things? What are you contracting? Your friend’s brother is opening some moving boxes.. Where have you moved? You are from Missouri.. Who’s toy GI Joe is that? Yours? What is on your friends ear? Was there collusion? Snow in Aspen? https://t.co/cTKrzxqnLI
The last time I was in Miami- I noticed that the beach seemed different? It didn’t have the same “plunge” experience that I’d remembered from the 70’s. We had long sand bars. Now I took a peak at this doc Paris To Pittsburgh and it explains why. The waters are rising fast y’all. https://t.co/DGzQ3M3jRV
Love to see the miraculous as I do roadwork (on a walk with my son which is rare). Upon our return it was he who stopped and pointed them out (the deer- just off of Pacific Coast Highway). Couldn’t figure out why they were so close to the beach and civilization? Later; The Fires. https://t.co/KVaohsThZs
I believe that I brought my family to this slide in Costa Rica? Hit that same bump near the bottom- and I remember thinking to myself (oh my god I wonder how my son faired at that section- as he was a light 6 yrs. old) But, there was a pool waiting for us. https://t.co/jZIiYguTBD
Dan Barry, How are you friend from North Carolina? I heard something worrisome today while playing dog ball. That NC floods have led to a GIANT MOSQUITO epidemic. I hear that these annoying suckers are aggressive to the point that they are at war w/ smaller mosquitoes. Any truth? https://t.co/DZ2Mn1qSVJ
Supercool Dean, We have a great team here in LA w/ The Rams, so we root for them; but I view athletes as entertainers. Appreciate the athletes who get into a rhythm and perform at a high level. Performing around the country as we do; todays contact win is from The Chicago Bears. https://t.co/Hq4BCa6IPk
What do you mean Anthony? Did they play Jane’s on FNIA? Have been following games all day- just returned from my own game of passer/receiver with my dog Cloud who enjoys catching balls while flying thru the air on short routes. If there was ever a dog ball league we’d be legend.. https://t.co/qIJElON1bM
There’s a lot more to say about Xiola- I have a hard time talking about... At a time when both of us were running around in the wild and woolly LA underground. It was a super creative time for us- but set within very destructive constructs. Our lives-about to take dramatic turns. https://t.co/Szo1MJTVzr
Edwin, Thanks man. The song was of course written and recorded w/ my very first group Psi Com (LA 1982 I guess?) Xiola was a beautiful girl with green dreads in a yellow dress. Fell in love. Helped me hand out flyers on Sunset Blvd. I was older than her but she was older than me. https://t.co/1pPaReHK8p
Onion, Stereo mixing in the studio at the moment- the first single for Kind Heaven; but .. Yes Porno has recorded 2 tracks “Aqua” and “Little Me”. We’ll think to release them in a year. Next batch. Back to the mix: “Ask me any simple question.. I’m an information contradiction”” https://t.co/CFqqesXknO
Porno For Pyros recorded a Christmas/Hanukkah song (if there can be such a thing) The Christmas dinner we had with Pete’s family. It would have been very heavy- as Pete’s dad was diagnosed with cancer. We all sat down to eat w results that his cancer left. https://t.co/6eJ7jMN34l
Em, When you exhaust from Jane’s put on The Buzzcocks. Pete Shelly has just passed. Matter of fact- put on Buzzcocks right now. One of the seminal punk groups from the UK that affected me and thousands upon thousands of disenfranchised youth in the 70’s and 80’s. Orgasm Addicts.. https://t.co/kUxMQmuOlz
Justin, Great spending Hanukkah with you up in SF. Here’s some info to pass along. Hanukkah is a celebration of miracles. The menorah is comprised then of 8 candles 1 helper (not the traditional 7). 7 is the number of redemption and completion. 8 is beyond all reality.Miraculous. https://t.co/0hwca5Zpgk
Mike, Sure was an unforgettable time. Remember the practical jokes, Rage Against The Machine, after parties, those stage props by Gordon Hokey, Nick Cave, PJ Harvey, Foos, and that bass line of yours for Good God’s Urge. So great.. Still hope to release “Aqua” (a new PFP track).. https://t.co/NQb0QL8kng
Entertainin’ n’ makin’ new friends  You looked over and quickly That fragrance just hit me To have a smoke with a girl with your style and intrigue fits me Now I’m lookin’ at you  Through a smoke ring At my new friend  Where you been? Where you been? Where you been all my life? https://t.co/1ymfwi7ysN
Roman, Did you take a look at the pictures and posters up on the walls at the Fillmore?The oldest shots taken in black and white, harboring secrets of the past. Reeling back in time when radical groups pushed the limits of polite society. Here husband and wife unite as one love.. https://t.co/cTX18jZRq0
Ryan is that you with the shag? (Am no one to judge).. Miller’s were my first beer. Starter beers. I worked as a framer in Hemet Cal. when I first came to the West Coast. Bought a twelve pack everyday after work. Don’t think I’ve had a Miller since. Think it’s time for fun again. https://t.co/qHqUFmNZgr
They lit up a Christmas tree today in the city of Bethlehem. So interesting- can anyone tell me if they always light up the trees around the world on the first day of Chanukah? It makes sense because Jesus would no doubt have wanted to celebrate Chanukah- the festival of light..
This is killer PD, All the icons play off of each other nicely.We are about to head out to light the menorah in Union Square. I’m a little nervous if you can believe it. I wish everyone to be supportive and moreover happy for this occasion. The eternal flame comes to life in SF.. https://t.co/xC9JUn77Si
My Hanukkah wish for us is to find the path toward peace with our brothers n’ sisters n’ neighbors (that’s the first part- and it’s perhaps too general; I have another- more intimate wish for us). May we all find a path toward loving, have time and have fun enjoying one another..
Dhani, Have to tell you that when I read it’s your final show- I get blue for you- ‘cause I know you wish there were more; live and breath to perform. So where in the world will you be for the holidays, and don’t expect me to believe you won’t be hustling up a chance to rock out. https://t.co/NPoGLmiDV2
Thank you Sab, It is hard to lead an audience thru an entire set of music they have never heard before. The only approach is to throw caution to the wind and aim your vessel toward the guiding light.. The truth is: People Should love the music even if it’s unfamiliar. Body love.. https://t.co/hZDDupUBbd
Brant? Newt Geingeritch (one of the hardest names to spell; he needs to chill out) made Poppy Bush seem like a commie. He is obviously a frustrated man. Wouldn’t think to emulate him. May I ask where do you keep your dread art work? Imagining a date coming over for the 1st time.. https://t.co/7TlDPkMwKn
Wow Amand, Really cool art. Heading to soundcheck- popped it open. Etty appreciated the halo. Now she’s mad she didn’t wear that outfit for the show.. Please tell the complainer I have no merch to sell (never know what will appear once down there)? I am wearing your color scheme. https://t.co/mSAus2LlSd
Sometimes you zoom in sometimes zoom out when the world becomes a bore. I like to think about life in the macrocosmic (the light within us is life- our bodies made up of star). Then zoom out past the sun to the Andromeda galaxy; all those stars with a potential for living comedy. https://t.co/vjvxxOaxQT
We all have matured Brant, (I don’t redecorate hotels anymore), but your pic surprises me? Your tweets are a bit of a pain in my ass.. How did you leap from those killer trunks- to following Newt Gingrich? I lived in Florida during the Nixon era. We all understood he was a jerk.. https://t.co/TSlUYm4F3T
I remember that special time. We were hoping that our manager would perhaps come to the door-open it, the fireworks in the hallway coaxing his curiosity- and once he swung the door open- he’d be met by furniture and mattress. (He was in-fact so 💤 that he appeared; sleepwalking). https://t.co/AT48QBIZYw
We’ve lived in our house for 10 years. All homeowners know that things are constantly in need of repair- ours has a new gas line that hasn’t been buried yet (inspection happens today). But the one thing I’ve wanted- and haven’t done yet is to build a rooftop garden. Tonight: KHO. https://t.co/H3Fv5Tfr8u
That was the double breasted mid length green velvet coat! That is remarkable. Lately I have been thinking about all the clothes that I wore (most of it is long gone but I do still have the corset.. Waiting for the right moment to break it out again.. might be a while; or never.. https://t.co/IjJcnPfcg7
R&amp;R, Cool photo. Could you please give me the backstory (where was I, and any other details to the night).. Man I was serious about that look. Freshly manic panicked. Wearing a girdle was a good idea then- and it still is (with everyone taking pix today; keeps in the muffin top). https://t.co/Ohgs00Mo4a
Some really big things happened today. The rain fell hard in Southern California. With it comes worry of mudslides (without roots in the soil- earth is loose to slide away from hill and mountain). Also insight into the investigation... You out there. Ask yourself. Who is smarter?
Robyn, Hello Fella- That would have been a green double breast crushed velvet mid length coat (remember when you wore clothing.. consistently)? Yes you find an article of clothing that sort of speaks about you and it goes on to become your identity. At least that was 89’. Miss it https://t.co/x3SEHuossu
Don’t know if you all heard- they just raided Deutsch Bank. Hope you didn’t have any money with them; and the FBI went into the law offices of the firm repping all of Trumps biz- asked everyone to leave- put up brown paper over the windows and doors? Lot goin’ on man. Let’s rock. https://t.co/fYucCwvRBk
Looking forward to a nights music with you Dhani, Have been in rehearsals 3 weeks for these upcoming shows. We held back 60 tix, there should be 20 left right now? A new Orchestra, Choir, new guitar amp modeling n’ monitoring system. Initially overwhelmed now chomping at the bit. https://t.co/d4nJxItnDk
Huey and Chasta, I rather enjoyed the conversation yesterday. Had no idea we were to chat so long. Usually you call into a radio station and it feels like one quick get in- get out style of public addressing. We took time to talk human to human. Getting beyond product. Very now.. https://t.co/My0JpubMB4
Maple, Speaking about it with wifey, That Salvation Army is dicey. They are an army fighting against gay rights(won’t allow gays to become officers- won’t house transgenders). Do they not realize that half of Boys town headed in to pick slacks and leather jacket off their racks? https://t.co/7tCba06qR8
Hanukkah is a trippy holiday. It commemorates a miracle (constant flame for 8 days) back when the 2nd temple stood. The Jewish calendar works off of the moon. Always looking for that date (near Christmas) and friends to celebrate. My favorite gift was a 007 spy-gear attaché case. https://t.co/61flQUfZdh
Right right right https://t.co/Nkxx0RCggS
Do your thang https://t.co/Nkxx0RCggS
Thrift store chic https://t.co/Nkxx0RCggS
No parental guidance https://t.co/Nkxx0RCggS
Sal, The lineup excites my eyes. We have Kendrick Lamar. Air apparent to Doctor Dre. Straight out a Compton. Commanding performer. 21 Pilots are the most original act to come along in 10yrs. True artists. Sam Smith top 5 m.vocalist alive. Post Malone? Salt of the earth like Chile https://t.co/GjOsezNYhd
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We can all grow, we are all deserving of forgiveness, redemption in our lifetime. I wish that for everybody everybody everybody.. Let’s keep growing, and learning and enjoying the life we have been given. Try to have a heart for those who are down.
Giovanni, At the risk of sounding simple- I really believe there is one thing that we all agree on; and that there will come a time when the world will all agree on it simultaneously. And at that moment the disagreements that we have will end. That’s my version of the end times.. https://t.co/Nl1RNrsXCT
I did something today I swore I wouldn’t do. I muted users. My friends told me to do so for years. “I press mute and never think about them again” is what they say. But I like to think that people do change. Open their minds with open dialogue. Just don’t have the patience today.
Bird selection for Thanksgiving is kind of fun. You play a boss. “Your fired! Your locked up!” I’m gonna eat you! He couldn’t lock up Hilary or Comey (because no one in their right mind would follow his order), so he harassed a fowl. Tell me who is the biggest turkey in this pic? https://t.co/hRKkvqF0hD
I feel especially bad for the turkey that was paraded around like a prisoner of war. Poked and prodded by Unowho, really to feel the plumpness of flesh (probably the way he feels woman)- all the while- hunger pangs kicking in- under all the dumb jokes. We know he’s really hungry. https://t.co/smBnDcmSWB
Must try and slow my brain down.. Are there any animal psychologists who can describe the intelligence of Turkeys? Like are they aware that one of them will be pardoned today; the other will be eaten by Donald Trump and his family? If so this Thanksgiving display is too macabre.
Last night I watched AE’s The Clinton Affair. I know I should have been sickened by the affair itself- it was disheartening; but I came away from it with a deeper-iller understanding of the horrid vindictiveness of people in politics. Meanwhile, the world is in great need of TLC.
Carl Bernstein has a spin on this Z, He suggests that we edit the WhiteHouse briefings; not go live with them because there are so many faux facts being flown- that it has become an exercise in propaganda generation. Who has time for all this? What a life. https://t.co/SZfmhfDkXU https://t.co/XR6H2CW7aG
There is a lot of hostility on the internet. Whenever I see progress in the world (which comes around daily), it is followed by trolls with shallow comments. Our new leaders are going to have to get used to assaults; must stay the course. Stand for things bigger than themselves.
Evenin’ James, Look at the amount of homicides that countries with better gun control have compared to us. USA is far worse at keeping guns out of the hands of killers. We have to decide what’s most important. I’m into a joyful life (without the carnage).. https://t.co/PzviITPskC https://t.co/d3txlrmGal
This is what the modern rebel (with a cause) looks like today. They were put in a position to deal with a tragedy (I wish no one should ever have to live through) and are making remarkable sense out of the chaos (and making the world Kinder). I’d rather have youngin’s than guns.. https://t.co/b1SVLuLrLg
I get that way too Kat, I have had a song in my head for weeks on end. I’ll sing it for weeks. But it’s like eating a delicious food. You have to give it a break or you’ll grow sick of it. So you give it a rest. But your indebted to the song for giving you relief in a mad world.. https://t.co/j2pVtaL4cB
Happy Birthday dear Dallas! (Now take her out and buy her something she’ll love)... https://t.co/VSKsW9Vffo
We have this debate almost every day. Is the world getting better? I say yes (complex question). Problems are brought out into the open much faster- with the internet, and telephony. Today we dive into a collective consciousness bewildered by the hatred; but inspired by the love.
We were busy here on the West Coast. Some awful things happened over the weekend. Leaving most- glad to be alive. Here we are, having worried about our homes, and our friends homes. Some people are out of theirs for good. It must hurt awful bad to have your memories burned down..
Fire is approaching our neighborhood. We are driving toward Jonesy and KLOS, and we announced our first KH holiday performance in LA. Mind is in 1,000 directions.. file:///var/mobile/Library/Mail/0F6A9AD6-CB0D-40BC-AC03-886C2B9E750E/INBOX.imapmbox/Attachments/157201/2.2/03-og.jpg
Missy, They seem like brothers to me.. Thanks for sending. A little cheer in what has been a bewildering week in So Cal. (The shooting and fires). We have an evac family staying with us this weekend (my boys best friends, who also happen to be brothers.) Getting through w/ music. https://t.co/lSpj1KZ4gx
Hi ALtie, Not sure how it landed on the wall in Buffalo? Love the music though (I know I’ve been speaking about rereleasing the songs-but first to bring Kind Heaven down to earth). Do you visit the falls much living in Buffalo? I would think to jog mornings around such a marvel.. https://t.co/5RdEOfoEBC
Mean the vines don’t you J3??, They aren’t the only billionaire influencers in this world. Do you think they fly around the globe making all the decisions? (Not enough time in a day?). Whomever thinks that is looking for a scapegoat. Self expectations are the hardest to fulfill.. https://t.co/gQlcMgzg8l
Our yearnings are just a bit ahead of ourselves. Like we are about to blurt out some truth to raise our self respect level, but bite our tongue from bragging about it. Woman are supposed to be the difference in this election. Can’t imagine women putting up w/ his crap any longer?
Bot Con, Surely you would agree that having a sincere discussion about lethal weapons on our streets can only make our country a safer place to live? It’s a bot time we confronted the issue. Judging by the turnouts for midterm elections, we’re nimble enough to make an a bot turn. https://t.co/lFHwy09BZL
Wow! This kid is tuff. I debate myself- if my spirit could survive such trauma to the flesh? He has to be a messenger. Control the lethal weapons we have out on the streets. There has to be a deeper discussion about our country’s temperament; and it’s intolerance. Ready for that? https://t.co/8FQI60Qi6y
23 musical chairs to sit down on, and we take the house. It’s feeling good.. But listening to the people around the country who state that they are “used to their lives being threatened- that they aren’t frightened- won’t be deterred” is concerning! Must address the instigators..
Etty reminds me we played the Highline Ballroom the night before Howard (NYC). By the time our show was over, and guests all left, it was pretty late. Howard likes to have people in around 6ish. We went to our hotel room for an hour before putting our pants back on to soundcheck. https://t.co/4d1gzIv74d
Make no mistake Tim, Becoming studio baked (yet very gratified). Few days more adjustments- and we’ll have our Atmos and Binaural mixes complete, a new sound experience perfect for all listening pleasures. Yet glad that the sabbath is here. Needed to get outside. Miss the coast.. https://t.co/6jab9jzWyI
The Good Morning news continues on: This was our family discussion yesterday morn. The American Indian is passing along “the message” to you. “Let’s All Love The Medicine Wheel”.   Thousands of American Indian voters in N.D. getting free IDs | Star Tribune https://t.co/BsuPshAJha
You know, I have gotten so apathetic over current events. I wish history would just turn the page already, a new chapter. I understand that we have to stay on our toes; there are some shifty mo- fo’s who hold us back from promised freedoms. Expect great mood and music to emerge..
I must have an admirer in the Jeopardy camp Inhumanimal, They’ve also used Lollapalooza as a question before. So in honor of Jeopardy, I’m going to play a game with you all. “This undergarment typically worn by woman, was borrowed from his girlfriend for Jane’s 1st album cover”. https://t.co/MaUVuEwFBY
Weather has changed in California. Mornings are chilly, better for snuggling so I don’t mind. Harder to wake up when there is so much rotten news. At least we are getting to the bottom it. It’s like receiving a checkup. All is not well yet, but healing with the help of our youth. https://t.co/gKkfvixkr7
Now is the time to reveal all. We souls issue from a grand and mighty tree, of that river issuing from Gan Eden, “The Tree Of Life”. Souls from above to join together with Spirits from below like a male and a female illuminating as one. The Spirit wraps the Soul, becoming Human..
Imagine Art Creation (with a heart),? Last night I went back to an old prayer. A prayer that would “Grant Peace”. I was very afraid for my life once. I concentrated very hard on the words and sure enough; peace came to me. Now I’m going to pray that peace comes to your home too.. https://t.co/o5lLy8zb5c
Steve Evilbot, What may have succeeded in 2016 will be your undoing in 2018. Who knew how nasty, and deceptive your factory was? To experience it in real time has been a misery, yet for many we’ve found meaning. I assure myself every day that it will end soon. Vote For A Human.. https://t.co/VGRhpzj5GL
I want you to- not write me so much. Try limiting it to once a day. There is enough room in a day to read one tweet- not much more.  I was not praying for guidance BJ, I was praying that the people who were murdered were in a better place, and that we all come to our senses soon. https://t.co/sGscZQjdV1
J3, A major point of the mystical experience is the transmigration of the soul. We would understand each other so much more if we accounted for the soul’s state. Find our place on the Tree Of Life. And how can we return to oneness with god? Tell you James, be sincere in prayer... https://t.co/SKDDB56mrt
Will do my best Eye, His spirit would be eager to tell you about reincarnation. How he’ll return again as a Jewish man carrying an eternal message “Vote Peace and Love”. He’ll want telecom start ups put in places where repressive governments exist; to spread the message globally. https://t.co/tullA8AoSD
When we pray with full intention declaring our oneness with god, a ray of light issues from the highest realms striking a spark of darkness- scattering into 70 lights which generate 70 branches of the “Tree Of Life”. The tree then wafts fragrance, with all the trees in Gan Eden..
Harp,  Merlotcifer obviously enjoys our discourse. Otherwise, he wouldn’t return..  I like to see this Space as a place to realign oneself with the Universe. Even evilbots are welcome (please excuse the cramp ness). We’ll now all realize what is beautiful, and what is grotesque.. https://t.co/8on7SIWimb
Grifters are hawks. They see all people as marks. Those whom they can prey upon, outwit, or use; they pretend to befriend. A grifter intrenches himself in your life, finds the combo to your safe, and one day empties its content. To get closer, he will denounce your true friends..
If I were you I’d quit picking fights. Can you do that? We don’t hate anyone. Only inclusion is acceptable. I would quit making excuses overlooking boorish behavior because the room has now gotten too tense for the woman to dance. The party is not sexy. Come back to your senses.
Truth and History are not things that are played through and then go away. Truth and History once lived; remain forever. Never to be erased. Be a part of the righteous side of Truth and History, because your name will always be attached to the lifetime that we shared. Kindly Vote
Eric, Thanks man but I’ll stick to music and public assemblage. Many of us are conscious out here in the field. The Lift driver who is driving me right now has a take: “The Prez needs help. He’s not well.”  My take: It is true, but let’s help him over on the side. Meanwhile-Vote. https://t.co/8hg7bll1ki
The End, Thank you. The voice is an amazing instrument. Similar to the violin in that we are fretless. Using the very air we breath to restrict- place and make sweet music. Singing is a happy exercise; a way to meditate. Sang as a child all the time. Now when I sing l’m refining. https://t.co/pXxOFni9tT
216, ‘Bout to take a break myself, bet we don’t smoke the same brand. We’re both musicians (read yer profile), how can that be? Musicians step beyond the confines of prejudice. We’re Troubadours. Living in a peaceful, loving, environment. Yer man? Incapable of making sweet music. https://t.co/zN0BKlWVmi
Michelle and Barack Obama, Hillary and Bill Clinton, Maxine Waters, Eric Holder,George Soros, CNN Newsgroup. So glad that you are all alive and with your families tonight. If you’re feeling weary; desensitized by a constant barrage of distressing news- Don’t. Tuesday, Nov.6 Vote.
Sorry to hear about your kid Phil, Controlled healthcare makes it possible for millions of Americans to receive care that they previously could not afford. Even Republican Congressmen are now lying about their voting records on “pre existing conditions” to try and win elections. https://t.co/vAof8VKJGP
Matt, I like your artwork. Reminds me of the flyers I used to make in Jane’s early days. Fascinating- the times we are living in.. The awful liars that are being uncovered. They look so descent, and respectable. As long as we stay in touch- I truly believe USA makes  a comeback.. https://t.co/leclqAaxjD
Meddling Shmeddling. I’m worn out. We’ve just indicted another Russian hacker-meddling in the current elections, but John Bolton says meddling doesn’t effect the outcome. So, this election I am ignoring the subject and concentrating on HEALTHCARE. We all know how to VOTE on that.
Guga, I may never wear Birkenstock’s- the people who do seem nice enough. In my country they are called “Granolas” (they enjoy healthy foods)... Looking forward to returning to your country next year. (Wearing cool running shoes, or as they were called back in the day, sneakers). https://t.co/F8UEjPJIrC
Lindsey, He speaks to yet another dictator who violates human rights- with no objections from us tough Americans. You know who was strong? McCain. Remember him? He spoke truth to power. Your man? Silent. Just wants a piece of the action. Like to show up the last prez; never will. https://t.co/H1j9wW7bJL
Friends, The Kind Heaven Orchestra is going to perform in LA and San Fransisco for the holidays. More of the details: They’ll be intimate events. A chance to see our maiden shows. Topics include: The principles of light and life. How to be a better lover.. https://t.co/aDZ9a7cDAb
Our lives aren’t worth giving up on a 100 Billion (more like10) dollar defense contract. I understand the Prez: But how’d he come up with that number? Is let’s say a spouse worth the same as a reporter? What’s the number for a spouse? Does affluence put “the finger” on the scale?
Busy day. If you’re here on the West Coast: Will be speaking at the Worldz Conference Long Beach Convention Center. “Deals Heard ‘Round The World” @5:00, and then haulin’ ass to downtown LA singing with Bob Weir at the Ace Hotel @9:15. Have been singin’ Dead songs along my walk..
https://t.co/hd80VzQ3gl
If you believe global warming exists, and that we need to replace government officials who’ve disassembled the EPA; if you believe it’s important to our future to have an administration that does not further damage the environment, or sells us out to corporate polluters- say Aye!
We’re fans of Boyan Slat in this home. From what I understand there are parts of the ocean where the plastic is so thick and it goes so deep that there is no sign of life. They call it the “Dead Zone”. Out in the middle of the ocean. Boyan’s idea: Set sea bots to round it all up. https://t.co/dMfTQLIHGG
And to those who just don’t see the pollution; the global warming. We can’t wait for you anymore. We all have to do something about it now. A heads up; we are going to vote people in office who can help clean up this mess. They are going to be carefully overseen not to sell out.
Maely, Thank you for sending this. I had no idea it was this bad. It has really effected me deep in my heart. There are two parties that prosper when we deny damage to our environment. One is the industry that’s polluting, and the other is the politician who allows them to do so. https://t.co/D6q2cIS9om
Mr.Con, Don’t be the one standing up for corporations or industries ruining the air; poisoning the waters. The polar caps are melting far too quickly. I want a healthy and happy earth now, and for generations to follow. I want to surf without plastic or tar. Powder on the mounts! https://t.co/bVfjb1Qu59
The earth is alive. Go for a hike. You can view life through the eyes of an ecologist, or an economist- it won’t change our predicament Con. Don’t know what you do for money, but you have an opportunity. Start a clean business. Stop hurting the earth. That’s for greedy rich guys. https://t.co/lAb52Vq0i4
Con, “if there’s a way to fight it without destroying the economy”? Global warming induces an alternative economy. Therein lies the future. The resistance is coming from corporations who’s livelihood is our dependency on them. Clean energy is atmospheric. New industry, ingenuity! https://t.co/hLTdGTsOPe
The time for mankind to bring Heaven- back down to earth is reaching it’s climax. The experience is proving to be empowering; awesome.. Look to mix Kindness into our recipe for success... The World Bank Just Released the First Human Capital Index | Fortune https://t.co/g9YbxfysyM
Hi Amber, Have not forgotten to help. Lolla has a voter registration area to this day. I like your idea about a tour. One’s actively in the works for next year. It’s to be a very positive campaign designed to enlighten. Other enlightening artists for such a tour? Recommendations? https://t.co/9kRRZEMmtq
Cuz JB has dignity, and all the other exemplary qualities that great men possess, and sons do admire.... https://t.co/4cnNDr9jdD
Think I understand Kanye, He wants POTUS to have a hydrogen powered airplane (better for the environment). POTUS should represent the USA with dignity. I agree. But; His pal doesn’t believe in global warming, and does not have any dignity. Father figure? Jim Brown’s right there.. https://t.co/50tUYe01f2
Mark, Now that you mention it? I’d really like to get back to making music, making love; enjoying my family, working on personal evolution. But. Every other moment; another crime against humanity. And I am not going to  live in silence, or in collusion. Vote (to regain dignity).. https://t.co/aYRdHDDksD
Coz, The world will continue on it’s natural course (with mankind along for the ride), but what’s different about this immediate future is our spiritual awakening. Leaders will be chosen by more conscious citizens. We’re watching a world transform before our eyes. Hear ye; vote.. https://t.co/MYHojJ2f1N
With you Bandit, And more: I feel indebted to the earth. To that which brings forth bread from the earth, to  fresh running water, crisp oxygen hits. I know there are some who are still denying that our domicile is in need of repair; we can’t wait for them to see the light. Vote. https://t.co/jwgByeMNKF
Please consider that our leaders need to have long term vision. We cannot ignore the future, or the environment. The weather is one way earth speaks to us. We are ignoring she has a fever. It’s a disaster. Look at her communicating to us that she is unhealthy. Have vision.. Vote.
I see the world having better leaders in the very near future. We’re heading in the right direction. I worry about the elections being hacked by Russia. You know a ten year old was able to hack a voting system in ten minutes. I hear it’s undetectable. We have 40 yrs to make back.
James, Politics is interesting to me because it is the planning of our world. To be amongst the Best planners you must be loving, kind, ethical, truthful, creative, with an inclination toward sharing. Truly caring for people, have well thought determination, and long term vision. https://t.co/8oir46v86V
Creiton, Here’s an explanation of what’s going on in your mind: You are conflicted because you know better than to dismiss Dr. Ford’s allegations. You mask your inner conflicts and hidden motives with faux values. Debasing and depreciating what is genuine- what is genuinely human https://t.co/qqOq9MaD8L
But he lies about it like it was yesterday. CB, Is your point that Bart Could violate Dr. Ford, if enough time elapses? Well how much time would need to elapse? And how would we help Dr. Ford to heal?(It’s not about politics) Questions for a contemplative- sober judge to answer. https://t.co/CXJ3mJ55wT
Greg, Throwing out the obligatory “Christ died for our sins” is a real cop out. Your sins are on you. (That includes sexual assaults). Yehoshua didn’t step up onto a crucifix to wash away sins. He was forced up there by soldiers, who laughed at him. Vote.  https://t.co/TwdJzNGMhf
Greg, “crucifixion was an important event because it was designed to establish a wall between justice and mob rule.” (Another explanation: one of the many sick devices the Roman Empire used to control the nations they invaded, and amuse themselves.)  https://t.co/TwdJzNGMhf
No that’s not what would happen at all. Rabbi Salvation turned over the lenders tables (ancient bank). He worshiped YHVH (not money). Wouldn’t approve the treatment of the woman who was sexually assaulted. Bet he’d be very upset about that. He’s around watching still. Bet he is.. https://t.co/TtnEGVCBJR
Something happening right now. We are aroused- we musicians are energized. Wanting to speak out sing out play our heart’s out. Hasn’t been a moment like this in my adult life: to protest, effect change, and make the world a groovier place. The invitation to the party? Your Vote.. https://t.co/TRYKU8KHhL
I wish, Can you imagine my voice and George’s 🧠 behind me? (good idea- write it down). His money is kind. Stay away from other’s dirty laundry. Conscious loving billionaires should be investing in these historical moments that will effect us all over the next 50 years. Move On!. https://t.co/wYQlObWvGr
2 palzys enjoying a can of unappetizing beer together(a ski) looking good for a selfie on Fox News. Don’t Love it. Funny when you look at someone as if they’re your childhood friend- you almost forgive them for being knuckleheads; and- they were never cool.Didn’t help her friend? https://t.co/D5ShbHMUQD
Oh, don’t I know it Ham, That’s why- need to speak to my son, tell him your mission in life son is- to Love. The reason we live- our purpose in life. To be best we must Learn how to make love. It’s the best. You will leave the earth one day- an accomplished lover. Conquering all. https://t.co/IZeljw3mnG
Georgie- Believing Kav?! Scintillating!! In a Devil’s Triangle sort of way. Why- I picture myself on a bed with him and a drunken girl (and then I get sick in my stomach- and pray that I soon forget so I could ever enjoy sex again.)(must talk to my son. Never act like Kavanaugh). https://t.co/TsHfFAe5oQ
Hey Scooter, (scoot over..) let’s chat about Kavanaugh-   and this Devil’s Triangle. Do you think he swings? Perhaps..  Seemed giddy to describe it. I would vote Aye, if he does. It would add a touch of humanness to him. What is worst about him? He does not know How To Make Love. https://t.co/TKkp5dJwEG
Hi Scooter, I have matured some in 35 years of public appearance. If you were looking for that guy who got all crazy, there’s a new man on the scene who’d make both Jim and I blush... FiFFing his way through life all the way to the Supreme Court! Gonna Boof every last one of us.. https://t.co/TKkp5dJwEG
Rogelio, Let’s be very careful when we call that toilet paper. No proof. (always being treated very unfairly. Put through the triple ringer). It could very well be:        1. The constitution       2. His tax returns       3. The FBI finding on Kavanaugh        4. A Birthday Card https://t.co/xGTKni4l6K
Those who are suffering,  A small victory to claim: Dr. Ford was not silenced. The nation- and the world listened to her anguish. Her story was brought to light. To those who have chosen to ignore her you are duly noted. We who believe her have been energized and anxious to vote.
My (real) Friends, I ask for an Aye- if you believe https://t.co/SXuj1kvKuH’s experience in Washington warrants an apology, an applause, and an agreement to vote in a more decent and diverse house. As recompense to a person who subjected herself to a group of geriatric kangaroos.
Dr. Ford we’re all curious. What do you plan on doing from here? Are you considering pressing charges against Brett Kavanaugh? It’s an idea. You’ve come this far. Your testimony has galvanized us. We’re coming out to vote. The way you’ve been treated is terrible. We are so sorry.
Dear Boys, This is a job interview Yes? Let’s make believe We are boss. There are extremely capable men and woman white black brown coming out of college with beautiful minds. With aspirations of helping the poor, the tired, the weary, the weaker. They stand outside of our doors.
This is a scary time to be a young Woman. Woman fear they will be attacked, abused, raped- and us fellas? We’re willing to overlook dastardly deeds if the perpetrator inspires our political ambitions. An immature, entitled, drunk. A lying Judge; who’s going to scratch our backs..
Yes, If the father brings well learned qualities to the son- then emulate the father and more; achieve what the father had not the fortune nor capacity to achieve. We are as a race- in a constant state of refinement. All records will be shattered. We’ll be kinder and gentler yet. https://t.co/lrxfq2wIWk
An extraordinary occurrence in these “scary times for young men growing up today” is the emergence of the free press as the strength of our democracy. Great writers, thinkers, investigative reporters- They are out front of the narrowly scoped DOJ. Unearthing the truth. Thank you. https://t.co/p2DU1rDfrw
We all want our children to have a better life than we did but: Ppl who grew up with silver spoons often lack empathy. Develop a sense of entitlement. Feeling above the law. Truth is there- to do with it what they will. Parents don’t let you babies grow up to be animal poachers.. https://t.co/p2DU1rDfrw
I have been “thinking about my sons, and how scary a time it is.” What kind of a man are they emulating? It should be the president? Right? I grill them. Follow through the thoughts they have to see if they’re fully conscious. Parents don’t let your babies grow up to be grifters. https://t.co/p2DU1rDfrw
Will and the Booch, Must admit to you, I have limited knowledge and patience for Q. But I am willing to listen to your description of the Q overview.. It’s called surrogation. I want to be informed about a subject prior to engaging. Highly recommended for dating, and conspiracy.. https://t.co/jhZ42MtdqJ
Brian, Are you still on the Q? (That’s a bit like playing Fall Out 4.. My dear boy). Don’t buy that crap. That’s new age National Inquirer. It may be hard to see it right now, the room is thick with bull_ but we are in fact- better than that. Resist Qavanaugh. Drink responsibly. https://t.co/ZaWWkT9CDV
Best wishes on your first tweet Matt, Just so you know buddy I am singing everyday. Mostly with dogs in tow. They enjoy the rehearsals. At the foot of the bed every morning. Now to make sure days of Great Earth are bright and bushy tailed. No fun being sick (preventive medicine). https://t.co/GzV6pvPnCz
Hi Sweaty, It’s not my right to abortion fella-it’s a woman’s right to plan parenthood. It’s her body. Her future. They must be so tired of misogynists. I can only imagine what they have to go thru? Dudes F F F’ing them and then forgetting them should not be on the Supreme Court. https://t.co/oQZ45F7kbw
The reason I don’t go ahead and block you- is because I believe in the ideals of free speech. These discussions are subjective rationals/ often times highly politicized occurrences. I like to give the silent a voice. So I take the peripheral position. Please, do tell Uncle Stinky https://t.co/cHaTpkZcCq
I’m feeling for woman this morning C5, Listening to the ignorant Mitch McConnell. Doesn’t give a hoot about character. Just wants to make sure he can override Roe v Wade and dismiss the special council. Luckily we have the internet to spread word. Watch out for boofing Kavanagh! https://t.co/IQh70P64eo
Remember every time we seem dumbstruck- off balance, reaching toward corruption, mistreat our countrymen and woman- Putin laughs. It gives him justification to interfere with our affairs. It speaks to the world that democracy is a failure because we ourselves don’t believe in it.
Thank you ladies! If it weren’t for you Flake would have headed out- grabbed a burger n’ a shake; and that- would have been that. Your commitment and passion for justice changed the coarse of history. The light in your eyes, the love you exude. I hope one day Etty and I know you. https://t.co/bEufrH67Rx
Doc, I drove over the hill- into the valley on my badly tuned motorcycle. Would have to pull over every now and then to adjust the idle. Got to the studio very late. Face was flush. Went into the booth put on phones and laid the track down in one take. Couldn’t have done better.. https://t.co/nlVhs4lMUd
Mark, I find the reactions of people who fight 4 BK fascinating. Demeaning acts of brutality are committed, but their minds just run away. They’re no one to judge character. Bet it would take just 1 experience to change their stagnant minds. In the meantime, let’s do this. Vote! https://t.co/DWbEQ5b5Gp
TB, Dr. Ford has more right to an allowance of anger than anyone. She kept it under control, and curbed her emotions. Her character is exemplary.He who is attempting to become a Supreme Court Judge threw a fit to cloud logic. I feel ashamed that our senate would pass him onto us. https://t.co/oj64bubqMc
One definitely gets the sense that he’s been, and can be quite belligerent when intoxicated (pictured the woman who crossed his path). He seemed to revert to a drunken demeanor when put on the defense. Reacted with the exasperation of a bull, surrounded by picadors.. Hope it ends https://t.co/ut5K2lLil2
Lonny, If we were brothers- I’d say Lonny, the guy is probably lying. The woman knew them both before the incident so no mistaken identity here. She was afraid to tell ppl. Soon enough we’ll know so much more- so let’s let the FBI do what they do best. Bring out the truth in you. https://t.co/HIKYgxYQmB
The change in personality ‘n speech at the hearing. BK is being led by DT. BK on Fox is not the same person we saw at the hearing. He went to the White House to hone his act. He’s not a good actor. MJ too had sway over him. Men such as these are becoming outdated. Matter of time. https://t.co/7vxDWl2fYw
I’m not suggesting that he be our judge. He should Not. I am saying his old pal MJ inspired his perversion. I saw some of his postings. Sexually frustrated. I believe they were up to no good in that room. BK seems like a follower; repressed. Then DT seeks to use him. Poor choices
BK is not a serial pervert. I believe he outgrew his friend MJ. Created a better life, and family. We’ve all had friends that coerced us into doing things. It really wasn’t us but we went along. But he still lies a lot and- big mistake to act like DT. He’s another- not to follow.
I believe Dr. Blasey Ford. If you too believe that she survived an attempted rape at the hands of Brett Kavanaugh, and his missing link friend Mark Judge- say Aye! If you believe we should have an independent FBI investigation into her claims- please send me an Aye! Come to life!
How you are feeling.. This is how it feels to be brutalized. This is how people feel having been molested. Profoundly powerless.. Americans were just raped by the men up there in the high chairs. They took our rights, stole our dignity, our intellect; their hands over our mouths.
Left to say: I am so glad that my mom, wife, or daughter was never assaulted by Brett Kavanaugh- and then drew you as a juror Lonny. What could possibly be more demeaning? Answer: Having Supreme Court Justice Kavanaugh presiding over the proceedings. (It’s what rape feels like).. https://t.co/K7mEf3sCB0
Lonny, You wouldn’t know evidence if it tried kissing you on the mouth- then covered it when you screamed. On his summer fun calendar F FF (Fa Fa and run run run away psycho killer). Not about to have his friend MJ or the FBI gather any! Response to drunk belligerence was belig. https://t.co/hVHqAam2qO
Are you saying I am as creative as Anderson Cooper? Thank you Tommy. I really admire Anderson. Hope to meet him along the path.. What do you make of that fellow on tv today? He really should have seen Dr. Ford’s testimony. Maybe he was told “Go in aggressive Brett! Bad decision.. https://t.co/6LFNXysRCS
I thought filibusters were out of the question? Listening to him is torturous- but in all fairness; we must.. o God it’s now over. I am glad that I never had to see his ghastly face over mine laughing with another jackal in the room. I would hate for this baby to judge us adults. https://t.co/f2Gu9ql3Nd
A salient and enlightening day for all manKind! A day of scientific clarity; a day of behavioral understanding. Professor Einstein presents a formula for mass energy light equivalents ‘n Dr. Ford explains the parts of the brain that retain traumatic incident; hippocampus. Heroes. https://t.co/Jw8vDIpmd9
Steve, I encourage anyone’s desire and ability to seek redemption. It’s one of the great events to take place in human history. No one’s perfect(we all know that). Still no one skates off scot-free from universal offenses. Start with an admission. Help the poor. Dr. Ford Is real. https://t.co/3yWHpD7wwO
Why is it so important that we hear and consider the account of Dr. Ford’s sexual assault; now- after 35 years? Do people ever really change? Or do they only become more like themselves? Because a judge’s character has to be stainless. Otherwise, how can he judge the rest of us?
“Brett, Just Admit It”. https://t.co/PHiK3pJrJp
Eastside, How Dare you make such Fake Acquisitions about me! Where does it say in any of my tweets that I’m back on stuff? Nowhere does it say “Did the stuff today,..I think?.Ssluring”- quit acquisitioning. Ok, I’ll admit I have tried qualides. knocks the fight right out of you.. https://t.co/cYs1FY10s0
That is good advice Creighton, If you happen 2 be 1 of the woman who were drugged by Judge Kavanagh, or Mike Judge, or Bill Cosby for that matter, (sounds like they may have partied together at some point), but yes absolutely seek medical attention. Who knows you may be pregnant? https://t.co/pwnIJ6HbuP
Come down come down Shekinah We’ll engage eventually I will tick and tock for you Shake your mother hips for me Outside heaven drizzles Grow us up a field of apples  How you like it Hava Is how I like it Hava https://t.co/gmV9cGMoTc
He wants to be 1 of the highest judges in the land; brings in a calendar as proof he didn’t do it? Will he then accept a calendar from us? “Ya’see it says nowhere that I murdered Lacey on that day.” But his friend, a human testimonial- he will not bring.. His decisions are Askew.
Lisa, Going out on a limb to say- we are going through ch ch ch Changes- for the better. This episode approaches it’s imminent end. What we all have to do now is prove that democracy is well and kicking (ass). The world is in a state of refinement. Slow sanctification in effect.. https://t.co/G9Epx9UgPc
Here we are.. The moment we’ve all been waiting for. The shut down. Who will have their way? He or We? We must muster up all the resistance we have in our ol’ soul. Watch it but not for too long. Take action now lest we be trapped in this toxic moment for what feels like forever.
And how BAT, All I need to know about them both is- one dared to rock out in a blouse, and the other mimed an invisible wall with his hands.... It would mean the world that Texas give the nod to Beto. The type of fellow I would even jam with. Cruz is a comedic villain. Vote Beto. https://t.co/wqtsCzrPLi
Questions for the BK: 1.Favorite bra? 2. What would you say makes you a great girl’s basketball coach?  3. Are you going to shut down the Mueller investigation, and dance in panties in the oval Office? 4. Do you feel it’s alright to force yourself into and out of a woman’s life? https://t.co/Zhj6Ij69iH
I have to admit I wore my share of woman’s clothing in my day.. Never to the extent of Brett Kavanaugh.. Wasn’t Adam built a hermaphrodite? But Adam was lonely. Brett Kavanaugh’s Yale Frat Paraded Women's Bras, Underwear on Campus | https://t.co/taoMnjCVYu https://t.co/qfl8MFYnAp
Glad to help out the economy. Whatever I can do Bryan. Mgmt indicates they’d like to have a chat. I am more bothered that they made my hands ugly and ringless. Given me the appearance of a shameless swag peddler. I’ve done some shameful things- none as shameful as Brett Kavanagh! https://t.co/bqGgKXN4N2
Thank you Amandica, I’ve been working toward assembling The Kind Heaven Orchestra. Packaging the various mediums together for the 1st show. The excitement of the notion of performing is energizing. Today we finish mixing our most sophisticated track Let’s All Prey For This World. https://t.co/Ha9ohfyGOP
Damn right that’s Mr. Maceo Parker who is still blowing up stages to this very day. If you want to play the sax, and you want to hear the best; there is still time to check him out. When Maceo came in to track My Cat’s Name Is Maceo, he had no idea the song had his name on it.?.. https://t.co/EuKFkO2MIk
Interesting perspective mrv, I do study the effects of young people who constantly receive immediate intel. Observations: They have a hard time entering into to our shared reality. Fact: I find great joy having the chance to converse or relate to them at all. Such preoccupations. https://t.co/zbJX8yo0jD
The most interesting aspect of this picture- is the seriousness in which we all played in taking the picture. A proud, declarative bunch. At that time 1980 something, that is what we wore everyday. Don’t see how to fit that much fashionable consideration into my life these days? https://t.co/DhzNy2nUcv
This is a classic example of the divine sparks within the soul reaching up in Teshuva (actions of repentance). And in doing so there is a returning of the sparks to their origins in Heaven. Notice shirtless energized young men return to god- put forth aid in the wake of disaster. https://t.co/z5be0dImsB
You’ve got soul Polly, Difficult as it is to wrap our heads around this mystery of immense fascination. My intelligence comes from a source on the other side. True. We must continue to study the soul both intellectually, and with our hearts.. We’ll all find out soon enough right? https://t.co/CSeKmj8jyH
Mac, I want to pity money chasers- until I see the damage they’re doing. Until I see how their ambitions are destroying the environment. The snowy mountains. The oceans. Then I get pissed. I get angry for the many who await justice but will never see it because they aren’t rich. https://t.co/aPjP3JglUJ
Some people, all they think about is money. A deal- the only deal is where they make more money. If the cause is righteous but doesn’t involve money, it’s not worth their notice. Nothing makes them smile- unless it has to do with them making more money. Everything else be damned.
Hello Zord, Finding yourself living in a world you don’t really recognize? I was fine, for a long long time, then came the lies.. They have a way of making you feel lost- dizzy. As if you were being taken away to a place you didn’t recognize. Only music can bring you back again.. https://t.co/RMUj5KtXz5
We’ve been friends for 40 + years Ken. Though I haven’t hung with you like I used to (whenever there was a swell)- I can hear you laying out your argument like we just pulled up to The Inlet after a 3 hr drive. Ugh would be getting his board out, you’d be unconvinced. The grump.. https://t.co/d504J1880l
Polly, I’d answer your questions, but I want to know 1st that you were truly looking for answers. I’d be happy to turn you on to the source of this knowledge I see your questions as fair, but you Polly have done nothing but try and chop me down since joining the feed. Ensoulment. https://t.co/Pe20Y7GVMz
Jesus would not miraculously disappear leaving a young girl to deal with it. Are you saying that you are going to follow all the young ladies you forced into abortion and continue supporting and guiding them thru their misguided lives? That would be amazing Ken.. C’mon Man. https://t.co/ojUlIuh9xt
I assume you are reflecting on “What would Jesus do in a time like this? He might refer to the law and then to his heart. Can’t imagine he would approach a young woman who was raped, or carrying an unhealthy fetus, or was gravely ill herself and force her to have the child.. https://t.co/ojUlIuh9xt
Ken, Why are you trolling me? How’s Mick? Here’s Jewish law: “Until forty days after conception, the fertilized egg is considered as mere fluid, and without yet containing a soul”.. I’m Curious where are you getting your information, and how are you forming your opinions? https://t.co/ojUlIuh9xt
“I am not sure that all legal scholars refer to Roe as the settled law of the land at the Supreme Court level since Court can always overrule its precedent, and 3 current Justices on the Court would do so,” Kavanagh   “Watch that man; oh honey watch that man ” Bowie  Coach K?..
Tonight I’m in Berlin.. Was so nice to sit with my German allies and meet new friends. What was so special about the evening was looking into the eyes of a new acquaintance and seeing an honest interest, honest connection. Don’t think anyone can stop people from falling in love..
Floating upon a temporary bed in Berlin with a breath of aromatic oration. Enjoyed listening to Barack urging people to vote. Compare the words; the message,the temperament to our current administration? No comparison. A sense of peace comes over you as truth is finally realized.
Congratulations Richard. Living with one another thru life’s trials ‘n tribulations, chasing dreams, fighting good fights can render one exhausted. Someone as close as your wife can become invisible. Spend time every day only with her. Touch her. Hold her. Quarrels will dissolve. https://t.co/vNaiir4L4k
I use twitter to grow back truth upon the poor scorched earth. Opinions are formed in the deepest recesses of my heart. I’ve never met you in there. It is a great source of fair and balanced rationale. We’ve spent the past 2 yrs. defending someone who is rendering us defenseless. https://t.co/2cGhtc7xtG
Yes, Congratulations. You’ve managed to push your hearing forward- without the zillion plus papers that self describe a pattern of maltreatment to woman, minorities, and the poor. (To those of you with daughters and no money; my condolences). I hear he’s also a basketball coach?. https://t.co/0jQoQJ4dWK
PoliticoNono: Sen. Bulging Blue eyes suggesting that he’s gonna support u no hu for 2020 and he’s gonna win? Can you imagine going to 2020? Not for the sake of sanity. Those people have bold twisted faces. They know what they do. Regardless of truth, justice and the American way.
I knew a guy- woke up every morning w/ bread on his mind. Got to work- made bread- even only ate bread. Never saw him pray for his bread. Never saw him give bread away to those who couldn’t afford it. In the end his bread did him in. In fact he started looking like a corn muffin. https://t.co/Y7MEyfVtC1
I went to look at a new home. Our house has gotten old. Realtor took us to a place that seemed like a wholesome place to raise kids. A manicured front yard, but he wouldn’t let me go inside- or to backyard? I showed you a lot said the realtor! Everyone loves it who drives on buy.
Love is the way to go. And when you are feeling down- fall back on that what makes you laugh. Like a bridge over troubled water, or even a bridge over a troubled barrel”- I will lay me down..yep. What do ya’ think? He going to skirt out of this w a cock eyed judge w little teeth? https://t.co/ywhxRxRumA
May I ask, what do They say about aging real estate tycoons who’ve gone bankrupt 6 times? What happens to them as time goes on? I’d imagine they’d grow quite desperate, and if they ever fell in debt to any foreign governments; we’d could all end up (say it with me) over a barrel! https://t.co/FfeGps3Dbe
This is my lawn your standing on Soup. Why are you here? (tell you why) ‘cause there’s truth to what I’m saying that you want to hear: I don’t want to spend the remaining years of my life listening to a lying racist. It stinks his tweeting on the toilet. Tweeting over a barrel.. https://t.co/yxmr9xfbg0
John, Thanks brother. I checked out Porno recordings for a bit tonight. Made me smile. There was Skatemaster Tate who has since past. He was our sampler/dj. LA Latino thru and thru. I’m really not rattled by the negatives. Reluctantly do I admit, yes I address them for amusement. https://t.co/QlHXs9hng5
I knew it would come to that...  So I came up with a new name for myself just yesterday. Excited to test it out. It’s a name that is close to the one I have- so as not to lose many fans.! Perry.. Perry Barrel. What do you think?? Perry Barrel!!? And it even has a surf ring to it! https://t.co/UtgEAMA60u
Yes, I’m really hoping he’ll help make me great again Georgie. But for now- all I can do is admire the flagrant insults he unfurls at anyone who opposes him, and try to excuse his dishonesty because?... Because of the wonderful things he does! He’s off (to see the Grand Wizard).. https://t.co/sqL6vUpXD3
Next time, this instead of “Hail To The Chief”: Roll out the barrel We’ll have a barrel of fun Roll out the barrel We’ve got the blues on the run Zing boom tarrarel Sing out a song of good cheer Roll out the barrel Cause the gangs all here: Reunion of the collusion class of 2016.
Thoth, The team of my youth- was the NY Jet’s led by Joe Namath (I await their resurgence patiently..) Etty is a Seahawks fan. With the Rams return to Los Angeles, we invested in season tickets, and look forward to the new stadium’s completion. And lastly- Da’ Vegas Raidas. You? https://t.co/N0rSKkknl9
Just dawned on me everyone. Tell me if you think this is a great idea. The NFL players; out of a sense of morals, and love of country- when the anthem is sung- those who love America much as he does should- and I think there should be a penalty if they don’t sing it over a barrel
Hi Nikki, Didn’t know that.. Did you know we are producing asbestos again from Russia? Shipping it into America (though it was banned by the Navy)? Great old asbestos. If you look on the palates you can see his face stenciled. Honoring. Chicago: Stencil him on your barrels U!S!A! https://t.co/VAhOSNENDF
Yes that’s what I thought Brandon, America is already great- so why is he saying he is gonna make it great again? And is he saying “America’s gonna be great again” while he’s over a barrel? Cause that would be a very courageous act- almost as courageous as John McCains; but less. https://t.co/8nb4bwPfbk
I think what they really meant was- they were getting along with him like- having a barrel of laughs with the Russians. And that is why that guy Bruce Ohr was named a disgrace by our hero. Does anyone know what type of barrel he was in? A pickle barrel is my guess? In  a pickle..
Did he have fun inside of the barrel as well, like- more fun than a barrel full of monkeys? When America was great they used to place barrels together, then jump over them in ice skates. Did he jump over the barrels to beat Russia and win a medal for us? Why didn’t he mention it?
When someone’s put over a barrel- then what happens, really bad things? Do they usually put on music when the person’s over a barrel? Do they change the lights? Is it a ritual, or one of those spur of the moment acts of fancy? Sounds like a real challenge getting off the barrel..
The expression “Over a barrel” was used today in the news. What’s it mean? An outdated expression eh? (have to go back- when America was great). They don’t make barrels much anymore. Trying to picture-  a person over a barrel,, and I had all sorts of wild images filling my head..
There is always message within music Chris, You really have to be careful who you listen to, what their Real message is. You don’t want to listen to someone with no constitution? A special place in hell for those who remain indifferent in times of crisis.. https://t.co/ztU10wl4LC https://t.co/jJMnx8ZClB
Ken, You lent me a surfboard when I first learned to surf behind the Waikiki Hotel in Miami Beach back in the 70’s. We’ll always be surf brothers. I know who you voted for. Still love you. You’ve got a chance now to redeem yourself and vote with the people. Vote For Gillum- Ken.. https://t.co/WXMZGWPk8l
Can’t buy me Love, everybody tells me so. James, This amazing ascent of our economy was started by Obama. 80% of the climb ran through his tenure in the White House. If we were in a race- Obama would have carried the baton more than 3/4s of the race. But how ‘bout those Racists?! https://t.co/Ff5kjk4irS
Ruined sleep. Woke suspicious. Morning drops to an even lower state. At the point of screaming. It’s 7:15. Deep breath to keep from losing my head. We have to remove this pariah who has intrenched himself in our lives. Rise! Do not fail to Vote! Let’s get back to Peace and Music.
B$, I am certainly not condoning violence. Let’s all avoid it. My new friend Red sent this to me as part of our morning pissing match.. This event does point to the growing frustration a Great many of us are feeling. Democracy being abandoned. Free speech suppressed. Until when?? https://t.co/Dcn1zALO8R
The hate isn’t being generated from me. I’m not the one with the innumerable enemies. I love Social Distortion. Mike Ness is an American hero. Here’s a solution... You’ll never get popped in the snout; long as you don’t fly a middle finger in the face of Mike Ness at his concert. https://t.co/ftMEatztRE
Ballsy? Balls of the feet Balsy? As in- Can’t fight because I have spurs on the balls of my feet? Transparent? As in no one knows the secret of me and my best friend Puttie? Or I will not show my taxes or testify with Robert Mueller? Trivial? I won’t fly the flag half mast! Nehh. https://t.co/o8iCUMPRHV
Ever feel like there’s a ghost in the machine? An email will evaporate before you send it. Ghost made the executive decision; nix it. Then there’s the phone call that won’t go thru. Thought all the attention was on you. Enrique? What ya call cosmic humor.. https://t.co/8mG397Lf7J
Influenced by McCain’s courageousness. Ability to think critically and independently. To stand up for what he believed in his heart to be a righteous cause. Imperfect? He would’ve agreed; but someone you could always count on to serve and protect this country. That’s a Real man..
Paula, In Kindness we find more focused- healing motives. Ahead of pettier self interests we see a bigger picture. “I am great” implies you are not. Kindness implies a Confidence in your greatness. Not feeling threatened (because you’ve done nothing wrong). The Greatest are Kind. https://t.co/AYerCLPx7Y
John McCain Effect: In the early 90’s I first learned about global warming ‘n Alternative energy. Few politicians grasped the subject. Even fewer stuck their necks out- and wrote policies to lower green house emissions. Inspired by 1 Republicans name? McCain. He gave me strength.
Relief from that distraction: “A lying tongue flicks but for a moment. Fast and loose from the mouth”. However “The lips of truth are slowly established for all time”. Lying words end in a National Inquirer and thrown out a day later unless they are laid out for pet toilet paper.
I had a fascination with guns a long time ago. Considerate of the atrocities that have occurred in this country, I laid them down. See a future whereby we won’t study war anymore. Will turn our weapons into  instruments used for farming the land. Much more impressive innovations. https://t.co/anzp6ypBir
Microsoft just announced: Russian hackers are at this moment attempting to infiltrate Conservative circles. Need Patriotic men and woman who own a powerful sense of Deduction to uproot these hostile agents. Love to see your friend put his mind into this battle. He is on Our side? https://t.co/g5bIwMeYJR
If you don’t want to believe what the facts are because the truth doesn’t work for you then by all means sully and soil it. Might as well do away with our justice system. Been bringing down us pedestrians for too long! Why shouldn’t we get in on this freewheeling toss of the law?
The Truth Is the Truth… Most people know, the truth is simple. But "truth isn’t truth"  if truth turns aside.. Then it is called (sata). Then truth becomes false (as in false prophecy). Realize: The words coming from a lying tongue (infidelity) only seek to obstruct the truth..
Also note that this verb is similar in form to the root שטן (stn), from whence comes the familiar noun שטן (satan), meaning “ An Adversary” not “Embraceable Opponent”.  Husbands, you are encouraged to love your wives often and righteously, not turn aside with adult film stars.
The verb שטה (sata) means “to turn away or turn aside” from a righteous life. Sata can be a description of someone who seeks to turn others aside.. It can also mean turning a blind eye to the truth, or lying. Even hiding behind lies to keep the light of truth from indicting you.
Josh Russell exposes fake Russian social media accounts in his spare time. I’d like to have Josh sweep my account. Trust in our country’s ability to defend against cyber attacks going going gone; as we slash more security clearances. Stifling our own intelligence? It’s very sad..
Angels are disappearing. What are we going to do? Is there anything we can do? Aye: Find out what’s causing Angel distress. Eradicate it w/ votes. Revise and update laws. Put time n resource into nature. These are Kind and Joyful ways to reach up to Heaven and keep angels flying. https://t.co/HAgmdg0Qpe
Aretha Franklin her Voice; her Nature. Music ran through her; effortless gospel current, a shining beacon from a Poised Lovely Woman. She carried herself with such Dignity; Civility. People shed Tears when she sang. True faces of Wonder and Joy when she appeared. Liberated Soul.. https://t.co/HSjwOZHvdc
John, I felt sorry that I didn’t use Jah. You are correct; Elohim, Yahweh, are a few of the many names. YHVH is a goodie. Say it - you get Jahovah.. Shekina is a lovely name; she is the female aspect of the One. I used G_d in order to include everyone. That message was important. https://t.co/xr9CBRPV3e
According to John. I may add: Remember no one stands in your way. No officials between you and G_d. The priesthood has gone beyond insane. Wolves. If you seek god- reach out in your heart- that’s your direct line. They have no sense- how Heaven operates. Mustn’t think it exists? https://t.co/JGdufbcV9v
Ski season hasn’t started yet B$, Something tells me it will be a bit shorter than the last?. I can only lose you if silence falls between us.. I make art- of tweet. Make laser light shows out of them- the same way others use it for their art of Bull $hit and self incrimination.. https://t.co/KZGOl6nDe7
James, I am an artist. An informed one. Ask yourself, (after a deep breath) why I would bother to point out flaws in the tax cuts?Because the economic policies we currently  live under, are Misleading Us. You will soon be receiving a raise in rent; you are right to save- friend.. https://t.co/uqy9mZgQr6
A suggestion.. I am taking the time to point you in the right direction. Take a breath, take a minute.. to hear me out. You and I are a fellowship. I do not post to insult you- lie to you.. I am passing along a message.. The fabric of our country (and the world) is wearing thin. https://t.co/sOsHU7p7jG
Multinational corps are the fashion. Bread and spread from America and Europe. Globalizing with shining wares. For their troubles CEOs take a lions share. Today, they get paid on average 275 times what the average worker does. Realize friend, those tax cuts aren’t meant for you..
Tell this to the half million who attended Lollapalooza this past weekend in Chicago. Explain my irrelevance. I can only point them to a vision. Offer a chance to stare into the “Future Face”.. The rush of the weekend? Seeing chalky whites grooving with yellows black and browns.. https://t.co/AZR2i4mdp8
Great journalists Try to reveal the truth (Carl Bernstein, David Corn). Artists like Perry lead people of all colors (not just red) out of cultural slavery. Persuading people to think with their hearts; where truth resides. Lies are treason in the empire of truth.  Trumpth Serum https://t.co/qpaSVLN2k1
The Real News hates me saying they are the Enemy of the People because they know; I Am. I am providing a great disservice by always lying to the American People. They are arousing great clarity &amp; trust. They can also end War! They’re not dangerous, I am &amp;; I’m sick! Trumpth Serum
Think with your heart: It’s circulation effuses vitality (Hope). Insures that the valiant remain valiant- the noble persist in noble cause; moves the great to perform greatly in our cities. When our hearts are aroused (w/ Kindness) we are radiating (from the One who is greater).. https://t.co/X5dSgGyLld
Don’t worry about me Johnny; I’ll keep on top of it- for the both of us. You go back to your happiness. I’ll ensure our kids have an inhabitable planet. Will go an extra mile to keep blood money from staining our jeans. (Don’t except sticky dollars.) Es my job (to spread word..). https://t.co/6j5qh2nw2E
You See, This man cannot think outside of his immature head. Be weary of him. We all equate our lives in some measure to money, but this man is too self absorbed to see a big picture. He is out for power. Harmony is not his goal. He is driven by revenge... https://t.co/oX1cHOjy8p
Cannot get on with my days. Keep drifting back; struggling. What can I do? What can We do? Next- he’s rigging the courts. Will continue along his destructive path. I worry about Our years ahead. “The ear is not satiated to Hear, the eye; not satiated to See”. We must Think; hard.
Jay,Your life may indeed be great, or you may be unaware; but the many eyes don’t agree with you- and Mother Earth surely does not. Yes she can not be brainwashed. She has a temperature. What’s going on? Heat waves. War flames. We need leaders who are conscious for heavens sake.. https://t.co/eGRCA77eey
May never get through to you (because you don’t exist).. We used smoke, Morse code; telephone. We’re relating; then a spoiler joins the party (and what’s a bot got to do to get some love up in here?) Viewing profiles helps gets to the heart of the matter.. https://t.co/JbjqeaVDGa
‘Mornin, Loved all your Eyes. Today- a talk about Illumination.. Light decreases in intensity, the further we recede from it. Look at Light as Knowledge.. Knowledge gives Us Power. Stay informed with the Free Press. Cut off, we become lost in Chaos (Darkness). Power Up Us People!
The 👀 have it.. That was cathartic, seeing how many of you have your eyes opened. If ever you want to send a lil message of love to me- just wink- it gives me hope in a world becoming more chaotic by the minute. A war to control the message. Got to be sharp. Think with our ♥️
Jack, Hello True Son.. Just spoke with Mitch your drummer- Small world (we played punk rock gigs together in dark spaces LA). Mitch: Now handling electricity at Lolla Chicago. Illuminated world we live in now eh? Keep the torch of Liberty moving forward into darkness ‘ol friend.. https://t.co/MTaZIWaJ91
I have a request: I have never asked- but I am so disheartened by these responses ... If You can see that this POTUS has thrown our lives into chaos; Lies, Cheats, breeds the worst traits of inhumanity, undoes protection to our environment for money— Please respond with an “Eye!”
You refuse to see POTUS as the crying shame that he is. Lost; in denial; and that’s overrating you right now. You are like the wife who’s husband Cheats and Lies to her- who Abuses her, wears her down; and then rushes to protect him. I have remained your friend. That’s what’s up.
Oh, how are we going to defend this man against this allegation? I’m gnashing my teeth. The cesspool of society; who live within our prisons- are it’s child rapists. Cold blooded murderers do not tolerate. Now I understand why this Q sham is wafting about. https://t.co/Cg1ZxnQifC
Hilary Lost, and the nation discarded her. 1 of the greatest women in our county’s history. She was discussed as “unlikable”? 1 thing she was; tough on Russia. We should be defending Her. What’s really going on here? We’re without Chivalry. Lost our nerve. https://t.co/kGeVrimkcm
Oh Fish I live for that- you are welcome. Please wait for The Tracks To Kind Heaven to come. You are gonna so dig the recording; especially with headphones. I’m paying extra attention to make your experience a mind blower. There are only 8 songs- each one presents a new banquet.. https://t.co/w7GTf3Lo46
Tony, Do what you got to do to get elected I suppose. Pay back the corps and lobbyists aka our sponsors. I mean America (sponsored by Russia) right? That’s a problem. Hackers. Shutting down the power grid. Propaganda campaigns to turn us against ourselves.. Make us look foolish. https://t.co/cYfm5vbuTG
Thanks Maga, We don’t live up there in Mendocino - but we brace ourselves yearly in the advent that a rager heads into our backyard. Last year flames were 10 minutes up the road from our home set in a canyon w/forrest throughout. Earth is cognizant of the doings of it creatures.. https://t.co/tsFHPNoA4s
Hey Maga, Thought we were going to watch the news and report back? Forget the left/right bullshit. I was somewhat surprised to learn; we are coming Together (Watched Fox this morning). Reported on Cal fires. Even Questioned? POTUS’s tweets. As ya know he’s a lia’ fuckin’ wituman. https://t.co/SlKpfjRKbn
We Were Here (somewhere).. This pic given  by a friend. They were able get the whole length of Lolla. Lower left is South stage and way up at the top; the North. Blue to the left is Lake Michigan, the people colored specs- in between the lush green trees was Us in all our glory.. https://t.co/e6mrtWRCcK
Always great to run into our photographer friend and colleague Barry Brechesien. It is a moment when I remember to frame the moment, (this was Lolla Chicago) and remember to give some love and tenderness to Etty. Check- all of the above. Mission accomplished. Passionate For Ever. https://t.co/tXrGET62d4
Talk about the mechanics of a Water pump?! Energy industry is pumping money into Trump defense while California burns; exacerbated by rising temperatures in the Mendocino Complex, (and the White House). An example of POTUS Allegiances. Doing a Great job (Preserving his own ass). https://t.co/yLNMYHcdPQ
I love it Juan, Must admit I do click on Zergnet every so often- but i’m never able to get to the story. Seems like it’s an advert pit?? They could obviously care less about  anyone, or anything.. And Dave and I work so hard to be fit! (By the way, Jane’s is still together- so?.) https://t.co/YFc9laUih9
Morning real world (‘mornin bots), Lots of activity on this thread. Leaving it all up. Many of you realize there is interference running through; and identify it as such. Good.. I don’t want ppl to be too aggressive. Think of us all as having been conned. It’s hurtful. Not alone.
Ron, I look at profiles.. a darling little one; enjoying the outdoors (I am super protective of both!) This POTUS is ruining; ruining the playground. You and I cannot sit by idly. Making money for dirty corps and lobbyists. Clueless? Disgraceful Stop it before Eagles fly no more. https://t.co/h5SI0P0nZu
216, Let’s you and I tune into both Fox and CNN.. I agree to do that if you will. Then we can reconvene in a days time- and discuss. The one thing you can not disregard; the indictments. There are many, with a mountain of evidence. Watch. Worry about foreign agents meddling w US. https://t.co/2vCXFRgIHy
Thank you 216, Hope you always will enjoy the music. Love my white brothers. Speaking of which: My own brother and I don’t agree on POTUS (he’s a life long Harley Davidson rider- so he may soon be coming around). 216 think about it.. I see dogs treated better than these children. https://t.co/ANwDVGYnyW
You are mistaken Slap, I am dancing wildly now.. My free thoughts are winding. Great to be in a free state. Did you hear about those disappearing reporters? It’s surfacing. Didn’t happen here (Thank G-d). Trunking information incapacitates one’s ability to choose. Democracy Fin.. https://t.co/Zcgy9w9jS8
Red, I was activated back in 1984. It’s what we poets and writers and reporters do. We reflect upon our environment- sometimes in an artistic way, sometimes direct and to the point. Either way we in the US have this attractive 1st Amendment that some other countries resent. Tuff. https://t.co/EyxtLeUCjU
Ron, You know that’s not my style. When I speak out- it’s not aimed at disgracing any race or party. I love and consider each of us to be an indispensable part of country. I get angry in behalf of you as much as myself. We see we are being sold out, lied to. That’s truth brother. https://t.co/4H6NcCk5Jc
Real News reporting, a complete realization, that I am concerned about the meeting my troublesome son, Donald, had in Dump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally illegal in politics- and it went nowhere I’ll share. I knew all about it! -Trumpth Serum
Lebron James was just interviewed by one of the smartest men on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart and kind, which is easy to do. We like Barack!
“They shall lay down their weapons and not study war”(almost). Insisted Izzadore “Please let me go with you to meet Ninja!”  “if i do- I will ask him to battle with you..” No-No, he will destroy me”. Battle Royal ensued (w/ them on the same team). They destroyed; ‘n won together. https://t.co/nx3YfW1QVN
Ric, The artists names are Jesse and Katey (that’s what they go by).. It brought a sense of modern art to Lolla (and mused the ideals of freedom and democracy).. This poster was created by 2 liberated female muralists from Baltimore. This; was their interpretation of Grant Park.. https://t.co/usmlDIvWXw
The concept of time applies to you; but not identically to me... Time bends and spreads. Speeds up in the turns like slides at a water park. Lolla is almost over. If we slow down-take a moment in today, we can keep it from going away; from rolling out so quickly. Still be there.. https://t.co/bDnR3s4h8D
You know what I love most about Lolla Chicago? Above the music? The people. As great as the shows are, it’s watching the people do their thing in peace. Seeing all the children of Noah singing and dancing freely. Admiring their style. They walk together carrying a united message. https://t.co/avE1MnIY9y
Sure did catch @ArcticMonkeys Tim, I have always enjoyed and admired Alex’s music and poetry.. He’s a classy guy with a genius mind who keeps developing, and so I look forward to seeing and hearing his performances whenever and wherever he plays. Like fine wine..see you at Lolla. https://t.co/en94Fw84wK
Grant Park looked, and felt better than ever.. Feels more like a party in someone’s living room this year.. Thursday was supposed to ease us into the weekend, but the @TravisScott performance had spirits charged and soaring with 4 story dj booths and flames blowing up each song..
I AM HERE MAN. Look at the lower left center of pic. You see a rooftop pool. Must be odd to swim atop the middle of the city, stroking along with traffic toward Grant Park. Just received the call. Open the gates.. RT @drewduke: @perryfarrell WE'RE HERE MAN https://t.co/4vPsrOkByK https://t.co/rgmW4KgeL4
Inanimate objects. We could put our prejudices into them. Why not? They can’t fight back or make you feel inferior(or can they)? Lot’s of chatter about automation being the ruin of human resource. In the end give me analogue but saviors they could be. Don’t be afraid of machines. https://t.co/FHbLswCe6s
I see a man . Who was the richest( and spookiest man) in the world. I see another man who wanted to be the richest man in the world; wanted to be next to him so bad and walk side by side. In this way he argued (in his mind) he was just like him. We are not. just like him.Are you?
Kristis, Rarely do I sift thru my own press (will peak at the picture). I set my intentions; great preparation and patience; righteous from the start. Listening to people who I share love with. Wife,kids,friends, pets. Staring too intently into his own reflection undid Narcissus. https://t.co/g54euZN3hr
Didn’t work out the way he’d hoped. All he wanted,was to be loved. Tried to humor, but became himself- a joke. Watched his approval go lower n lower. Feeding unrealistic expectations. He went thru life a cheater. Dreamt of respect thru constant paranoia. Afraid of his own press..
The memory of the righteous shall be a blessing, and the name of the wicked shall rot.. Who is This the story of?(Wasn’t Johnny). hi so: The righteous are the foundations of the world.  But does the name, or it’s body rot? Both- because the name is assigned to the body in heaven. https://t.co/7jokw3upxg
Can’t seem to unwind all the ties and lies you’ve woven throughout your life? Never to late to try. Go back to the beginning; where it all went wrong. You have to get to the truth. That’s hard to do. Take some time- it’s worth it. You’ll feel better. Within your tension is Karma.
Yoga and morning prayer are similar: You are flexible when young; take your flexibility for granted. day ... https://t.co/xjF3pTNjGR
Get children united w/ their parents: We know where the parents are. Contact them. Two opposing destinations; one being where the parent was returned to and the other- where the child (same name) was sent. 1 record. 1 name. Give them an IPad and let them wave hello.  Rotting us..
“He has taught Us to speak”..  Very proud of the free press.. Must admit- My children began to tell me the news was fake. It broke my heart, but that’s what they believed in their “tween circles for a time. They’re coming around with new perspective. More aware. Voices opening...
Ian, Yes that was the first time I ever chanted Kindness Kindness Kindness. It was because: We had come up with the idea to have a second stage within the arena, but no idea how to get out there other than right thru the crowd. My hair was getting pulled nightly-hence the chant.. https://t.co/vgLpZRCDIs
Pat, I disagree.. Then it goes on to say that no one seeks g-d? I disagree Patrick. I think what the author was trying to say is; at that time, the parties concerned were not behaving righteously. I know some really righteous people... You know how you can tell?.. They’re kind... https://t.co/3AH33xgfrj
Vlad, I saw a group yesterday I can highly recommend to you called “Years And Years”. Talented young performers tight band, dance troupe who come in all shapes sizes colors and sexual preferences. Freaky fun costumes- letting it all go on stage at Lolla Paris this past weekend. https://t.co/W1rYrzhai9
Us. We communicate with each other all day- every day. We don’t need priests, shrinks, rabbis, imams or idols to know g-d. We don’t need presidents to fill our head, and empty our soul. G-d is ours. We have each other-and this medium, to pass the message on. World belongs to us..
Salman, Exactly the point I was intimating. I feel that we will all learn from this swampy episode. I am going so far as to invest my faith. I will absolutely raise my voice and cry out. Until when? One day a peaceful world. Ad Masai?? One day a Great big wonderful resurrection.. https://t.co/R6Rdt8093u
GM, I appreciate your trust. I really want Us all to win. My dream in life is to create an environment of Peace. Where art, and education can entertain and further enrich our lives. So much potential.. We’re at a time and place, now to make earth the greatest show in the galaxy.. https://t.co/2Cw63xPYB6
We’re now battling ourselves comrades. Fluctuating stances between the self-interested and the morally conscious; between immediate indulgences, or long term goals. This is Democracy. It’s finding harmony within our personal, and global advancements- that will lead us to Peace..
I’m outside talking w ppl more than most (Lollas). Ppl are worried about POTUS words. POTUS behavior not kosher. The war you speak of? It began with cyber attacks. Thinking truth is not news is to dispute a Free Press. Don’t believe 1st things you hear; but it’s there somewhere.. https://t.co/wohQPNiNst
Nick, Lets get off the fake news Juke... We all know propaganda is being hurled from every political catapult- from every direction...I’m getting my information from our president. Get ready- For the last waltz. Split your country down the middle. Break out old banjos and fiddle. https://t.co/44kYd8WXje
NO. We can no longer be taken for fools. We’re looking like fools around the world. Having a far point perspective. Some of us remain in weeds. Do not become apathetic- or feel deflated friends, (or should I say comrades). The juke is happening right now- out on the dance floor..
Thanks Ben, I miss putting out new music. I do. Not to be too blue. The music that you’ll hear next year is worth the wait. I sometimes count the seconds. Time is slow as watching a fingernail grow.. Thinking about the experience of listening. How it will effect people. Worth it. https://t.co/qn6h3SKO3q
A sad truth.... They were more forceful toward Putin (serving him the indictments) then our own President. I don’t hate Conservatives or Orthodox. I kind of love them. So long as they  accept my right to live in an unorthodox manner- I support their right to live traditionally.. https://t.co/Y80G0AyTpM
I watched Fox again to see their coverage of Helsinki. They ran past important facts. The story their pushing is “Conservatives are getting harassed.”  A gay man, a black woman were speaking out. Very odd because that’s the very group that their judges will no doubt rail against.
Nice to hear Meg, I sometimes wonder about people’s hearing. Twitter has given us the ability to communicate- but it has brought about some unconscious remarks; and it is there that I struggle. And yet; It is out from struggling in darkness, that beams the most meaningful light.. https://t.co/zEc6rhdeZj
Congratulations to you France! Lolla Paris is arriving in time to take your celebrations to the highest level.. The champagne will no doubt taste sweeter than ever before. Please save some of your best for us. We are very pleased to be able to share this great occasion with you.. https://t.co/9Uxchfy5Hu
Mike, Operation Tequila Mockingbird? I watched Fox News after the 12 Indictments were released to the public. They weren’t even speaking about it?? Like children who can’t tell their parents they’ve knocked over the vase. We are teaching to “never admit your wrong”.(It’s wrong).. https://t.co/S11sgXgeK0
Chalk, Sounds like my heart was searching for the right place then. Meaning that my destructive voice was somewhat self inflicting. Half kidding. What is called for today is kindness.. Even if you think someone  lags- having the patience to wait up for them. That’s my preference. https://t.co/Wk9rqQGPkL
We are starting to behave as if we are in a cult together. Many of us are grieving; wanting to break out. Let’s refrain from insulting one another. That method of making a person feel voiceless must be resisted. Insults mask the matter at hand. Give people a chance to reconsider.
Christy, I love you too. We speak the same language (Music). I know Democracy sounds like Democrat. Let’s get past labels. Embrace the concept. Free Democratic Elections. I reach out to Republicans. We can’t allow cyber attacks on our country. World is about to go to Cyber Hell.. https://t.co/qCyOMZiBWf
Stardust, You remind me to focus on what is truly important in life. Sometimes we become hypnotized by the chaos unfolding before us. I am planning a return to Union Square this coming holiday season to celebrate the eternal Flame that burns inside us all. Singing Dancing Spirit. https://t.co/ZFg7pyga41
Mike, We liberals around the world (Including NATO allies) are no longer focused on Russian hacked elections. How could we be? The hands of this shell game move so fast! Now to Protect Ourselves From Asbestos Again. Great for those mesothelioma lawsuits.. https://t.co/OND7vUJhTJ https://t.co/v9t6Re4GNU
Curious to know where your eyes are focused? Do you see Russia hacking our election? Did you watch an attempt to disassemble NATO? Focused on the texts sent by FBI Agent Strzok? Where to focus?Being a Democrat? A Republican? Leaving for Lolla Paris. Focus: Being a great American.
Inside The Minds Of Cult Members And Voters: One holding a belief commits himself to it. For the sake of his belief takes an important action difficult to undo.The more important the action, the more difficult to undo; and the greater is the individual's commitment to the belief.
M.D., Thx for this data sister. What do you think about the idea of everyone giving a 10% provision of their yearly earnings? Maaser. Let’s stay on this topic of tithing.. I’d like to hear people speak out about those who benefit from us all, and avoid paying a tithe to the poor? https://t.co/upuXgDuVgL
M.D., Maaser: A way for everyone to give back proportionately: Yaakov fell asleep on the Temple Mount. Experienced a prophecy; G-d promised to guard him. He vowed- if G-d would provide for him, he would apportion a tenth of his possessions to charity. I’d be happy to do the same. https://t.co/9o8SPycFqZ
IM, Education and Love. Concern for people who are caught up.. My only debate to your reply is that: Everyone possesses critical thinking. We are born capable. How to access? It may take a minute; might take 40 years (might take 2,000 years).. Redemption is just around the bend.. https://t.co/UciHtIQSdF
Did some research on cults. It’s unbelievable what people have gone through at the hands of cult leaders. Woman- children abused. Men stand by approvingly. The leader puts delusions of grandeur into their heads, fear into their hearts. How can we convince them to leave the cult?
https://t.co/lLIOlP8XKL https://t.co/tKXS5GZONN
Oz, I’ve noticed you have a convertible, and two dogs. Like your style. Let’s think to Not dismantle the EPA; keep our eyes on this.. About to take my 2 dogs on a walk. Love to say good morning to g-d’s green earth.. Must go dogs are stirring. True nature calls.. (keep it real).. https://t.co/YFMvdzhihs
Mike, Most liberals are of a minority. The minority are becoming the majority. How do conservatives differ from liberals? A conservative view might be: What’s mine is mine, what’s yours is yours. Agree?. Here’s the liberal view: “What’s mine is yours, and what’s yours is yours.” https://t.co/zshzE8snJL
Wolf, Remain calm as ever. In a state of refinement. Go someplace, quiet down your outrage. Lashing out at these destructive forces makes us weary. Planning makes us more intense. Put on a stoic lens. We need music to purify our soul, bring our hearts to joy. No fear. We’re here. https://t.co/FR8uZPYiTv
Hey Arch, The fellow wants children. I encourage that- he needs to think well and hard about the circumstances so that he doesn’t put all parties into an impregnable situation. Where there is no family. Where the 2 adults oppose each other. Where the child is dragged and tugged.. https://t.co/c7wkPKmBwh
Laura, if I knew how to contact- I would probably know where the sculpture went (I do have one idea).. The art piece was broken. A young lady who was sociopathic broke into my apartment, bashed their heads off and bled all over the apartment- leaving her poetry; taking my guitar. https://t.co/Cmmsd0Awun
There was a friend of mine who had no where to live; and so he kind of camped out in my storage unit for about 15 years. Every few years I returned to find he and the sculpture still there- until last time. So to answer your question- I am not sure? Perhaps it’s in someone’s den? https://t.co/wvt13O1YBx
And if you multiply that by the amount of unwanted children/adults who were born as a result of an unavailability to birth control, you’ve got yourself an entire internment camp..   https://t.co/hhRkC2JMVQ  Sorry to be snide RG, Here is an interesting read from Harper’s Bazaar... https://t.co/GXx9yefWuM
Sean, You’re a man wanting a child. I am happy for you- that you have the capacity to love a Kinda.. Have a Kinda with a woman who wants to have a kinda With you. I don’t know what the reason is- the woman doesn’t want to raise a child at this time. Her reasons need to be headed. https://t.co/bpBx3bb7Ph
What about the people who don’t want to go backwards 60 yrs?? Who were enjoying the progress and maturation we’ve made as a society- Intellectually and scientifically? What about the good folks who’ve resisted the fleecing of our democracy? Gains going to one man and his family?? https://t.co/A2W1RunEG0
Wolf, Mothers have had their children ripped from their arms. Mothers are going from their houses out into the streets to protest. Next they will be confronting judges who want to control their bodies... Support, encourage, applaud modern mothers. They’re turning over the world.. https://t.co/HXzU61aTEo
Mo’ Midrash: He was asked to tap the rock with his staff and the water would flow; but he did not. Instead-struck the rock. “”Tap the rock with your staff Wolfe, the water will flow... I agree with you 100%. The ultimate future is a time when woman will be free to be our mothers. https://t.co/aJEcZb8MIV
When we’re young, we make mistakes- they’re forgiven. As we get older, less the case. At last- when we arrive at the age of wisdom, we should be living examples for the next generation. Moses continued to react violently. He didn’t.. Change. Even Moses needed to change his ways.. https://t.co/rwAqnlliSe
A good man- walking along one hot summer day saw a wine cellar-, so he went down in it to get cool. There, he felt the presence of another.. “I Can’t See down here; and I am Afraid!” “Don’t worry; your eyes will Adjust to this Darkness”.. “ but that’s exactly what I’m Afraid of.”
The human spirit strives to be one.. https://t.co/eTuULAQDct
Shannon, I love that you’ve used the term “we”.“We” is who We should care about most. In the ultimate future there won’t be competition pitting one against the other because there won’t be envy. We’ll all be free to love. The world will be a place where everybody wins. (Not yet). https://t.co/wPm33nmEci
Every day we stand by and allow corrosive lies to smile and gloat at us- is another day that we’ve stood by and watched the temple being destroyed.. Open ears and hear: The Messengers were murdered. Who is tooting their own horn at the funeral? It’s time to turn over the world...
Nellie, Torah holds value as a family archive; and as a user manual for the inner dimensions of Soul, and outer dimensions of Universe. Thx for the props.. I’ve recently read about Narcissus, and found his fate to be poignant. My family loves Harry Potter, Woman, and all Races... https://t.co/okGhgQPju2
Michael, Moses is a family member. We are proud of him. He delivered to us our most valued inheritance; Torah. (what cats like Jesus, and all his friends were reading). I know Moses- not as a fairy tale, but as an ancestor.. Torah is so insightful- you’ll grow in all directions.. https://t.co/ftHYBaKLZT
Moses: Sent down river by his mother. Violently struck a guard brutalizing a slave. Violently broke the stone tablets. Shepherded his people. He was finally asked to tap the rock so water would flow- but did so in a violent manner. This is what prohibited him from entering Israel
No whurry. We slow our hearts until we can hear (beat).. .. Listen for the music faintly drumming.. Your heart playing reason to your mind. Knowledge yes- but more; Understanding... Sinc mind to what your heart feels (within it’s innermost dimensions). How to play with Pnimiyus..
Jim, Brought out a smile. Kind Heaven is to become the near future taking place. I’ve a hankering to build the community that’s been in my head. Do you think we are ready? (To take break from this reality?) Adversity teaches you to know exactly what you’re made of. Hang in there. https://t.co/TVaBj0THXm
“When everyone is prosperous, people will not hanker after the spoils of war.” To expand on this thought: Count your blessings.. You may have acquired wealth in your lifetime, but forgetting your blessings leads to follies end. Heaven can seize up, and you’ll be blessed no more. https://t.co/IRCqTLX5wO
Darlene, What is your point? Two wrongs? Three? make a right? C’mon sister I welcome healthy debate no deflecting responsibilities onto anyone “We the people” I ask you to go within yourselves and reflect upon matters at hand. Not as a dem or rep. as a Darlene. A Peretz. A Nation https://t.co/XmloPb4Z8i
On closing today’s message- I’d like to say that wealthy men are blessed by heaven. And as such- they- in turn- must reach out to help the poor. Reach out to even the stranger, and make him welcome. Live with these principles as we truly are responsible for our (border) brothers. https://t.co/cpC14jN6YC
No, I was screaming. You should too Fatale. When do you stop caring? When we were younger, we would have gaged this macabre parade for exactly what it is! The families are still being treated inhumanly. Fighting (for a wall), by hiding behind children. Is that who we’ve become? https://t.co/fVMolr4e77
I have a better idea Jet, Let rock stars (and everyone) employ border families. Better for the soul of a man and woman and their children to know that they’ve earned their place in this world. That’s why we have free will. If everything was given to us we’d have no appreciation. https://t.co/pZhxUqCHRk
EB, I live at a border town (LA). “Trump to the rescue” reminds me of a Mike Tyson fight... Mike was vicious in the ring. You could expect him to knock a guys head off- and he usually did. But what struck me- is how he would get down to see if the guy was ok? He just smashed him. https://t.co/YlnZ686YdX
Please whomever feels g-d awful when they see little children in cages- with foil for blankets- bawling over their lost families- innocent and overwhelmed- surrounded by an unresponsive militia staring in at them... Please speak up. I can’t stand the thought that we are all lost.
No Mitch, Nobody should be locked in a cage. Stop avoiding the issue fellow American. The issue itself is sickening. Those who turn a blind eye to inhuman treatment sicken the rest of us. I lose friends by pointing it out. There are no benefits here for me. Still, I say Reflect.. https://t.co/y2C32ielxX
Bill C. Go somewhere quiet. Reread what you just wrote. We’ve all become a little numb from the barrage of bull we’ve endured, but by yourself- think about the actions of this country. Forget Dems/Reps. Are YOU ok w/ how we are behaving? Don’t deflect w heartless “womps” Reflect. https://t.co/I99avaRt9Y
He and his family are having a field day with our country.. Rounding up little babies. Separating all of us.. Insulting anyone who speaks up. Every time he gets away with it- Every-time he and his family benefit from the position we’ve entrusted in him; we Americans are ashamed..
Where do you reside Wildcat?, It wouldn’t be out of the question for us to 1 day play together. I’m planning for the next 10 years- to evolve the touring matrix. It is possible that you (a French horn master)and I would end up on the same song. Congrats on loving your instrument. https://t.co/zfkr1HBRFH
Instead of a Bar Mitzvah party, we took Izzy’s best friends with us to Hawaii. It’s been epic.We’ve caught waves, hiked to waterfalls, canoed to islands, jumped off a cliff into a pool of ocean cool. Everyone seriously asks if all these kids are ours. Hawaiians have big families! https://t.co/PoaguR3VG9
Blue eyes, great in math. He’ll give you his baby for free because he’s a (kinky Narcissus) good guy. Trying to make himself in every color. “Long ago I had similar notions”. Reality: Putting time into one child w one woman while keeping one job is hard enough. Then there is you. https://t.co/bEeSabX409
Here’s a feel good story to Midrash on Fathers Day. A smiling fellow who’s freewheeling way has caught the attention of authorities: Israel tries to ban the Sperminator from having any more kids https://t.co/gyC5I1GzPc Why so bent on offering his seed? What is he truly creating?
Ahhh- of all things- my hand held did not “interpret” the misspell. But Yes, I would love to begin “Midrashing” with you all.. Let’s discuss life- as our own special council. I’d like to hear deeper notations that move our investigation forward. Come to One conclusion; One truth.
Ram, Let’s discuss it using a very old yet effective format called a “Midrash”. A way to interoperate writings or discussions- and find deeper meaning.. All Fronts (people who are purely fronting) and No Backs (there is nothing behind them- no backbone, no truth) Give Me My Time https://t.co/nHn9AoDEjI
Eyes, You’re dialed in. A purpose? That seems right in my heart. She was at first so very happy to connect again, and I began sparking. Then I asked the questions that needed to be answered. I’m sure that she must have figured I would- still; the conversion became very emotional. https://t.co/AMOm2HJPwR
Thank you Adam, I meditate on that night- every day of my life. Took place in 1993 I believe? I did not take note of the exact day. Will ask my sister. Called her. There’s record. The impression is algorithmic. Secretive at first- now I think it’s to be shared. Try to understand. https://t.co/lwZakSGHpQ
Kurt, I wish and I hope and pray that they are free. As stated- I can not tell you where anyone goes. I am admitting to you today, that this is where she said she is. And by her description she was in camp. She used the plural “We” when she began speaking. I was simply listening. https://t.co/h2lTgaY9VP
Alan, I can’t tell you where anyone goes after this life. I can tell you where the one I spoke to went because she told me. Said that she “travels the world”; and that she was “so tired”. The sound in her voice was weary. Not happy, but accepting of her actions. True occurrence.. https://t.co/g5dPrHRSHj
AVeg, The Alteration: Change our very own hearts and minds. Understanding the cosmic repercussions of our actions. Freedom= Responsible for our life and destiny. The move you never make, is sometimes the smartest move you’ll ever make. We wished she wouldn’t have; “Then She Did”. https://t.co/oQawzzCLvc
Lock, I am the news source of the esoteric wisdom. You can take my reporting to the bank. Had a real encounter with a visitation of energy (an angel). I feel now is the time to report it to you all as she was a weary soul who took her own life. We spoke for approximately 10 mins. https://t.co/omnK5vRjGt
Ram, What do you mean retire? He hasn’t rumored that he’s retiring has he? If so- did he say when? Seems to me Howard is a true Hard Charger and won’t be going off on a world cruise any time soon. The thought of retirement sounds dreamy, but is soon replaced with matters at hand. https://t.co/wYYDvilzqJ
Pete Soars, Hard Charger does have a delirious sound. The secret is the clarinet. The band was in a very hard charging mood when we wrote the song for Howard Stern’s movie. Upon Porno’s comes back- I’d love to jam that again. “I don’t believe in dying- no such luck” Hard Charger! https://t.co/LVhjoNFF6D
Forgive anyone who is in such pain as to try and remove themselves from life. In more pain than they could withstand. What I tell you is very painful to hear. Those that end their life in this way are in a place of suspension. Have not risen up yet. Around the earth they’ll roam. https://t.co/YPIna8vu83
Allan Why,  Purpose we do Have a purpose- we feel better when we’re exercising our purpose in life. I’ll give it you. It is to share love, kindness, and bring heaven down to earth. Sort of lofty?.. and  simple. while multitasking?..Perhaps. Be humble and be in awe. Go for a Walk https://t.co/jiZMv5TvGB
1 alteration... a Ha.? Sometimes the best deal you’ll ever make- is the one you never make... Exactly why a person takes their own life? I can’t say.. I can only whisper the sublime.. King David was exalted.. He considered himself like an earthworm- compared to the Almighty. Ha.?
Say a prayer for A.B. When a person takes their own life- in their final moments they are alone. Unconcealed. Without reason (for living). Such a hurtful notion. I take it to my heart. Why don’t you want to be around (us)? Don’t you know how great life could be with 1 alteration?
GMan, Know the feeling having to let an old friend go. Had a Buick Regal. Drove it across country, from Florida to California. Ended up livin’ in that car. Ashtray was a bank; trunk a closet, back seat the master bedroom. Smog check mechanic ruined my butterfly valve. Old Pal 👋 https://t.co/i9PUZNiGqX
The pig was deemed unholy. He exhibits traits of cunning. Likening himself to cow who’s hoof splits- he sits with pride in mud and awful- hiding his pig knuckles underneath him. In future days he will raise to a holy animal. Should hurry, pork is delicious. I prefer my ribs beef. https://t.co/ZRAdZblXXd
Pauly, Had discuss today with a Bedouin Gentleman. Him: “Well, we could discuss that, and go back- but” (preferred discussing the future). Is it people- embroiled in the past? A (need to win) debate? Greed?- or about Transactions? Respect?? Try the hug and kiss. Melting Effects.. https://t.co/O6nSuoIMs5
Good Vibes D, When you are loving the ocean, you are loving the source (with all your heart- all your soul, and with all your resources).. You got it man. Do it again tomorrow. Take that love into the Forrest. Take it to the people. Divine light is in all life. Love life Dalton.. https://t.co/836Bb3H1mm
Company came to home @9:00AM to discuss a potential new Lolla territory (This is not the story).. Etty and I became embroiled @8:30AM. She- thinking group was set for 9:00PM? (Once she reopened bedroom door)- Hugged and kissed her. Did not attempt to win debate. Melting Effects.
BDy, That is how we’ll leave it for this morning. It’s a great day, and I am keen to walk now and take in Green Earth.. Is there a game today? Think game 2? LeBron vs..  (I know deep inside we’re all searching). I’ll leave you with a word “Pnimiyus”. Hard to say- but intriguing.. https://t.co/qh5ceaYfgQ
Cookie, I really like people. I open up their profiles and see what they’re about. Then I want to befriend them. If anything- I am interested in what is in their hearts. What is on their mind. It’s fascinating. What brought them to their decisions. What- so lithe, set their mind? https://t.co/SRo78gxuVt
Dave? I do not hate Republicans. There are many I respect. Partisanship- is Funny.. When I see people falling in line with every principle- not questioning; therein lies the problem. It is a party, not a belief system. A platform to create policy. Each movement to be scrutinized. https://t.co/ohxrfQBDnI
Lexi, Sit with me. Remember Scott Peterson? The person who murdered his pregnant wife (while having an affair)? Next morning he printed up flyers, crafted vigil candles for her. “Positive things were happening”. He did interviews about loving her- he didn’t. It was all about him. https://t.co/QGaQeEhZZi
CrazyBee, People began using “-palooza” for various affairs as soon as Lolla was created. At first our law team chased after every violator. I quickly gave up the chase. Reasoning: “They’re wild flowers- We should be honored. To have added to the world’s vernacular is a delight”. https://t.co/mFSyy9UMQd
EBoy, Q: Where would you like him to go (I know where I’d like him to..) You’re young; you should disrupt the status quo- it’s your time- those with active minds. I’m not comfortable with our country being beholden to Russia. Breath in deeply. He smells money; I smell a sellout.. https://t.co/K6sltvXG46
Mr. Smith, You smell like a pharmaceutical lobbyist to me. Reflect upon the fact you are standing up for and protecting people who prospered from other people’s suffering. They cared more about money than they cared about people’s well-being. I’m not a lobbyist. I am a messenger. https://t.co/0Elxb76xuf
We Keep developing our sense of smell. Breath in knowledge deeply. Another torrent of deception is coming our way. Seeking to wreak havoc on American shores. Sense the atmosphere. Brace for the next storm Ohio. Michigan, New York. Shout to our NATO Allies. This is not USA Really!
RNAdvocate, Do tell us what- you think the Current problems are as consultant for Mary Kay Cosmetics (please excuse the tease- I’d like us to get along)- but you use words like Dead Dinosaur to describe the music/musicians that have passed, sounds to me like you can take a tease. https://t.co/bXDfj73q7I
Thank you Nathaly, Our trip to Stockholm was short but (sorry for the pun) very Swede. Hope you will think to join us next yr. 2019 June 28th 29th. I promise- you will be impressed with the people, the nights, the city, and the park (Gardet- is a wow) a field filled w dandelions. https://t.co/BQ32wRer31
“The generations are dependent on the merit of righteous women” Here in Stockholm to begin work on Lollapalooza Sweden 2019. I was told today the mayor would join us. Did not know the mayor was a woman (Happy). Although I could not comprehend Swedish, I understood her very well.. https://t.co/8fpCvtGS2R
NY Times: “the decision not to pursue indictments followed meetings with a Purdue Pharma defense team whose advisers included Rudolph W. Giuliani, a onetime United States attorney. Mr. Giuliani, now legal adviser to Mr. Trump.” (And initiator of the phony “Spy” assertions)..🐟 🎣 https://t.co/5GKhPE48JP
🤚 🤚 👌🏼 👍🏼 ?? !!! 😀 😞 https://t.co/qShTStUZ2U
How is your sense of Smell? Important (practically life or death) that we develop our ability to sniff out a situation.  My senses go right to- the person who successfully Defended this company; ushering in an uncontainable, Epidemic. Misery. Have a whiff, tell me what you think. https://t.co/mRB71IO8iF
Who says that cool kids aren’t smart kids? Now tell me, how did you know? Do you live here? If so (you are lucky) please tell me some of the things you and your friends do for kicks.. Yes- Etty and I are in Stockholm. Spent the day being impressed. You must all try the herring... https://t.co/pWAsnYJs87
What a beautiful city this is. Have you ever been? Anxious for a surreal stroll. There is no discarded trash; no discarded people. This should and could be the first cashless society in the world. Would love to bring musical currency here. Q: What sweet city is outside my window? https://t.co/U65icsvQli
Mr. Diver, You’re depth and understanding are refreshing.The next step for us is to become  intensely more audible, and visible. I’m looking forward to our Redemption. Let’s fight a good fight, Let’s join together as indivisible. Justice! If tired- take next Sabbath; to recharge. https://t.co/Uaf3Mnxwzr
Memorial Day USA. Points us towards Redemption. When one dies, they pass on having done deeds worthy of rising or falling. Some will have been watched prospering- from the misery of others. As they stand on a mountain, judgment will come down upon them. Heaven’s tally will shift.
A favorite song from off of “Strays” Makk? Ever the “people pleaser”, Peretz https://t.co/04TTEYddcV
Roland, How are you? Do you feel like you’re no longer in control of your very own soul? You are not alone Roland. Same thing happened to some of the nicest people I used to know. I’d say even if it takes you 40 years; don’t give up on yourself. It’s a long time to be using dope. https://t.co/qhp7PTPUnW
The new Drug (deal) is not new, it is (h)Artless; nor will it ever be affective in solving our problems.They haven’t a clue. Watch another Dismantling of rational policy (done with prejudice.) Fill up the prisons with slave labor? Poor ideas. Can’t wait for this Bad wind to pass. https://t.co/TaXDraGKa9
Years ago people who were in the room when an overdose happened got charged with murder. I remember all the people who died because people were scared to call paramedics in fear of going to prison. They’d panic wouldn’t call or worse, take off while their friend was turning blue. https://t.co/ys5tBCiOyd
Dark dark day... Riding on a railroad from reality- away from Democracy.. When you believe in prophecies, you have to accept them all. It’s hard to watch the Transactions. The Misdirections blur.. Asleep on the train, we are tired Americans.. Railroaded.. Nursing our Prejudices..
Mara, Better experienced than spoken about but yes “Kind Heaven” is under construction as we tweet..Beautiful details that can’t be truly appreciated from the article are the lush music scapes, and the format in which the music will be presented. This aspect too- well under way.. https://t.co/wEJW7rEryh
Had 2 cousins; girls. Met when I was in Pjs. Slept over. Was telling them stories on the carpet. They began giggling.Thought: they really like my story (twisting about unrestrained)? I looked down and Pjs were open. Can’t remember the names. Made bbl gum 4 me 2 take on the plane. https://t.co/oWMaakA7GB
A most interesting return to NYC for us Mohammad,  Didn’t you feel a part? Part of a revolution in communication and commerce? A certain positivity that I have experienced in past from  burgeoning music scenes. I scanned the demographic, and found the constant was smarts.. I’m in https://t.co/4xnngkVz7Z
Deacon, That was us..Etty and I sing all day. She partial to show tunes; I stick with my songs or Rock n Roll. We meet somewhere in the middle. She loves Jim Morrison and Stevie Nicks, I; am appreciation for Sara Brightman Michael Crawford. Never know when it’s your turn to sing. https://t.co/mYGLDqdG3T
Not quite Mr. Homes, It is true I went to the UK to perform at Redding, but caught a vicious soar throat and couldn’t sing. Didn’t want to have to explain myself, so I stayed back. Never attended. Once I returned to the US, attempted to make it up to my agent by building a Lolla. https://t.co/q5oHWLMs0W
Doors, The Orange fruit; cumquat (anytime day or night). The yellow fruit- finally ripe mango slices (best with Mexico’s Classico Tajin seasoning). The rest.... Deviled eggs, sour cream, maple glazed smoked trout, chia hemp crackers, and  San Francisco Caviar (from BevMo). A hit! https://t.co/J43O0LJGN2
It’s noon @ettylaufarrell I am now over excited because your breakfast that you requested is complete. I am now starving (made it all for you).. Try the maple glazed trout. I love it (even though it was prepared with only your appetite in mind. Please wake up. I love you. Peretz https://t.co/HnM7LBhkra
Calling all moms and @ettylaufarrell , We truly appreciate the alterations you have made in your life for us. More and more each day, we love you, rely on you; disrupt your rest. That is why we are letting you sleep till noon per your request. We were hungry- but  cooked ourself. https://t.co/WoTmgO21iu
Refinements Of Life MC, My mother’s side of the family came to America in the 1930’s. They were given the name Shmutz (Dirt poor). It always bothered me. Reconnected after years; they are now Shemetz (Pure, with a little dross). People improve Themselves. Don’t call me an Addict. https://t.co/zIDgP1DrMG
Ah the 2011 return.. Did you notice the imps in the hills behind the stage? Can admit now we rehearsed a very very loose interpretation of A Midsummers Nights Dream to unfold as another layer to our performance of The Great Escape Artist. Somewhat dangerous on uncertain footing.. https://t.co/9ExvbexH4b
Rob, Yes it was 7. Wasn’t sure- better to underplay... https://t.co/yEDtgy00dV
The John Anson Ford Theater (5 nights). A highlight of my youth. The entire theater rimmed with installations; worked on over nights. Santerian Pop Art.. Was hard to pair us in those days. The opener- in falsetto- declaring “Me myself, I’m Randy O!” Always say that back to Perk.. https://t.co/o1ozrokV0t
This is all a hoot to see.. Thank you RRPC, I have never seen this footage either.. Do you know the best part? Showing my family the footage. I gave Etty a look at my moves this hot night in Milan.((Fishnet)).She immediately began to duplicate- and more so; smooth out my lines... https://t.co/nN7XdISwR1
Your point is taken Grungier,  JSB did not have the benefits of the various content capturing devices we have today.  A picture of my great grandfather Moses is actually a careful drawing..   I mean hidden as in “our society was furtive” We did not seek perks of popular culture. https://t.co/6HUE56T5Kp
Battle,  What is unique about this picture is; we were entrenched in the Underground, No one  carried a cell phone. You had to be a music enthusiast, eager to capture the moments. These are lost images. Our scene, and generation was hidden. Battling. Suspicious of the status quo. https://t.co/yJuRFjYEA1
May the giver of life make us worthy to see the days when “no longer shall one man instruct the other. For all shall know Me. The world shall be full with the knowledge of G-d.” If one’s mind is confused; wandering in darkness, they will find difficulty- seeing beneficial light.. https://t.co/dYD7g9u6Fh
Maceo, Where did you find that pic? The photographer was the great (Mex) Pedro Meyer This is taken from off his film roll. Did he put out other pics? Ah the hat. Pipe cleaners woven all together. Even strung the beads that caught light and swung freely. All the time in the world. https://t.co/eLDsQc17Zd
Tre Bien,  Anyone who is attempting to get off of drugs being peddled today by pharmacy or cartel is going to be experiencing a pain only they and g-d can appreciate. As if they were stood up on a cross. Mercy.. There is bloodshed of the innocent dripping around it. No joy left.. https://t.co/K5FR8UUI7g
Honestly R&amp;R, He was dirty dirty; the Therapist... There was a collection of very young guys brought over to his house on Pacific Beach.  People with disabilities were wheeled into his “educational” domicile. It was very enlightening to a runner like myself- watching his arrest.. https://t.co/UKYodiEZvZ
Let’s talk theoretically. About “The apprehension of Divinity”. These days I am feeling Presence in nature; waking from vivid dreams and experiencing a more relaxed form of natural Prophecy. Have you found the Divine light- alight in your heart? The spirit poured upon your flesh?
I see now where you get your info R&amp;R, A comic book (pretty accurate). Unofficial (not paid). Yes, in younger days I worked many jobs. As my proclivity was art- found myself drawing for a man who was a sex therapist. His home- he would fill with people he yearned to heal (not I). https://t.co/SPdpI1p7ZX
Stevie, I’m tweeting out as much love as I can muster. I do enjoy sharing thought hearing feedback. Almost anxious to do so. It’s a toss up between obligation (work), response to obligation, obligation to family (no order). obligation to g-d.Then you my darlings. See I forgot me. https://t.co/VVSoWUGfz7
Star of David, When working at the vitamin factory- grave shift- my responsibilities were to mix the vitamins in these giant steel vats. Powdery drums were measured out, then poured into said vats. Could have been the ascorbic acid that billowed back at me? Brows and lashes gone! https://t.co/bLSiCASyyj
Can not say for sure we could sail against the overwhelming winds of time Sticky, What is possible?Understanding this great era of Redemption. Appreciating the new dimension that has been revealed at this time. Opening up an entirely new sphere by shedding a great healing light. https://t.co/ktSwA42OzO
Cinco De Mama Celebration (Sue’s Birthday). Two of the most solid fellas I know. Was asked yesterday if I liked people..Had to admit that I do.. Everyone is interesting to me. Even people who oppose me. Can’t help but try and turn it all around. But musicians are on another level https://t.co/NptS0DK2gD
We did have fun in South America Pearl Jam,  On stage, backstage, after parties were raging (that Celliotas fellow traveling with you is one hard charger). Birthday celebrations..Including cake and a beautifully made ukulele that I keep on hand now for island dreaming. Thank you. https://t.co/O6poCt0H7E
Sue, Heavy.Heard this went down. Glad we could all watch with our own eyes. Did this man act outside of formal military rank? With a single act of compassion, the day has arrived when we lay down weapons and farm together. Seeing the wonder in all things. “Bakol” (in all things) https://t.co/Tnlrm4hmDR
Da Basher, My set is from 2ish to 4ish.... https://t.co/7hUKIgv3JT
Rachel Vix, Maybe where I came thru with said subconscious song tittle.? From Oceanside I migrated down to what I considered a Utopian surf society Cardiff By The Sea. There I surfed went to college and wrestled then worked a grave yard shift at a vitamin factory. It didn’t last. https://t.co/bCNQf1omeZ
Son of Simon, My first apartment was in Oceanside. Lived there in a bachelor pad w a gregarious surfer named Big Walt. When the Miami crew heard I had a pad to crash there was 7. Recall saving jars of roaches for ?? Don’t know..Proof. Fair break though dubbed “Across The Street”. https://t.co/nvdXyD3kqJ
Sue Stone, How is your brother.. Jack? Whenever I was at Haulover, there would be this long red haired son- nose pink and pealing- with board under his arm. Often by himself with an eagerness to join in the conversation. I liked him, he was a trip... Where are you at in life Sue? https://t.co/ueMyD0Z7JA
Well you’ve found yourself in the thick of it all Odabi-Odaba, A Kelly wave pool in your backyard, how lucky can you get?. Dreamt of having a wave pool in my backyard. When living in Miami- we had a lake (like many). Would visualize the size, shape and direction of said Ripples.. https://t.co/BYDSP36MWJ
The location of that break has never been revealed. Will tell the local of the venue. Hollywood’s Paladium. All footage shot for Warner Brothers at a budget of 450,000.00$ Promised was a move “Gift”, 3 music videos (a surf trip down to Mexico) and a Santerian love ritual. A trip. https://t.co/LKv5dCkQGG
I’d say in this case that we were meant for each other Lindsey.. My soul brother Peter DiStefano texted yesterday morning. Said he was at HArry’s- doing soundtrack work. I told him that we were in the neighborhood walking. Perhaps we’d stop by just to say a quick hi- give a kiss. https://t.co/sObRXP9Ccc
No I haven’t Linnster, But you’ve raised my curiosity. Thanks for mentioning. We were in High School. The crew would collect in Allison’s white surf van and drive to Ft. Lauderdale to see the midnight matinee of Jimi Hendrix movies. Seen every one countless times. We never tired. https://t.co/NQsbLEbZUb
Here’s a new name: Karma Is Real. The time for our redemption has arrived. The world is being refined. Signs? Fall of communism, mass immigration to Israel. The Kremlin invites 10k Muscovites into the Palace of Congress for Chanukah. Best show?? Grew up on “Jimi plays Berkeley” https://t.co/XGj8N0xMK6
Matt, Can’t wait to watch the best, and raise their spirits up with surf sounds. Have been hard at work, putting recordings together for a finals dj set. Old school party tracks with the newest school rockers and rappers. Eclectic Electric. Roots Rock Reggae Dubbing into Jungle. https://t.co/iuFesRPqlq
Alex, You must see Andy’s film, Kissed By G-d. Be prepared to see yourself. Prepared to miss Andy and feel a little responsible.Yet more than me, more than his family and friends; the ones who prescribed to him. They’ll be weighed on the cosmic scale because they killed an angel. https://t.co/zgxgSIKy96
Shattered, Any words of wisdom (or sarcasm) in regards to your tombstone? Today, ponder what it might read. Unprepared, someone sad will emote it for you? Google funny tombstones for a giggle. I will be buried next to Etty. Mine for now: “La La La La” Hers: “Sshh.. I’m resting..” https://t.co/HKy2omqdID
Here is a prescription for you Salman, How to become happy: Give out Begin counting Your blessings Sing them in a song Go to work Although weary Plan a home Though you wander Do your job Consistently and with joy Pass your message- Be kind- through the difficulties, Open your 👀 https://t.co/gvWFD4qIhW
Nothing a good walk around the neighborhood couldn’t cure. I find that my pets start to behave badly when they haven’t gotten out to fresh air... https://t.co/KWlSge76jS
Champ, The natural state is to waken just before dawn. I love it.. Feel like a gardener. Upon waking, I clear myself, sometimes landing from an astral projection. At times, have visitors. A vast visitation of energy. Writing it down, reading and praying. Then go walking with dogs https://t.co/ZVqVaRELxF
I enjoy waking up with the sun now (wasn’t the case). Walking around- seeking out wild 🌺.Wondering why Are we here; what is my purpose? All colors heal, my good companions. Without a home, none of it matters. The worst way to feel is- you have no purpose.Out in the field wild🌸 https://t.co/0WKGpNjAIE
People still surf Harbour House and Haulover? What magical days they were. High school. The underpass where we skated down it’s steep incline. Drop in and not pull out until you were about to die. I remember getting punched in the face by Beach Creature. Does he still live there? https://t.co/zkDTeHRn8R
Hi Heidi, Can you believe how long it’s been? What seemed so important at the time— who knows if it even exists now? The one thing you can count on is a persons smile (if it still exists). I just received a pic of my dad as a young man. There it was. Just as I practice it today.. https://t.co/oxqMv92fG6
YHVH above his kindness abounds  Sharing faithfulness w 1000 generations   We bare our crimes, trespasses and sins Inflicted, tormented, son upon son  3rd- 4th generation son upon son No wholly acquittal has he ever done  Us tormented ones Poor souls Weighed upon The Cosmic scale https://t.co/RnZwWD52CZ
Woodrow,  That is a great name you’ve been given. Never go wrong with anything woodsy. One of my favorite scents is Aud Wood. Put it on- but then disappears into the forestry of life. “There is a time to dance naked” and that was it. Speaking of wood. Returned to LA with no clue. https://t.co/4hrsju4ROc
It appears as though I hadn’t surfed in a while.. As a white leper... a creature now of the Los Angeles Underground. Had carried my first board (the Egg my friends called it) all the way from Florida where it rotted in the backyard on Wilton Place.. Saw a board like it @ZJ’s....? https://t.co/hHUUHU94Xq
Well did you read the article? I’d like to get your views... Are they saying that the world is going to be a better place or are we set to spoil it? Regardless of this report, why are you reaching out to me? I know enough about business, but my reality is art. You sound informed.
Thank you Pauly for still and always protecting your pal; but I am not rattled. I have inquired about speaking with god- to an angel. Alas I was told I could not... I conversed with her (and them) for a small window in time. She instructed me to do something which I have done... https://t.co/2LKgvd3dXT
No one’s perfect (strive or not). God is with us at every turn. If we’re always aware of Presence, it would be like riding a bicycle with training wheels. Foolproof= No Rush. Parents are our training wheels. Parents like good god- never stop caring- teaching. Loving. Redeeming... https://t.co/V15IeSTRcr
Yes Nikki C. Inscribed on a grain of sand. If you try what I described: Don’t think of words, just hum the melody that you hear. If you have something you’ve been meaning to say- attach to lyrics. But never underestimate the power of your pure melody, to communicate with others. https://t.co/UiHLInzYJ3
M3, What I am doing now is locating my pain and fire breathing down upon it. The breaths (first held under rib, and in the brain) ushers out the pain. As the pain exits- I ride upon a song. Try that. The song will come from the depths of your soul. And it will be an original you. https://t.co/rxvmnB1FdI
Take my eye Do not wonder why I've come to the crux I've looked it up and down Seen the trespassers trample themselves As the miser makes love with his wealth Convenience his lure!
The prophet Isaiah was the the first to conceive of peace as an ideal. “Nation shall not lift up sword against Nation; neither shall they learn war anymore” The way to hasten his message is by fighting evil with righteous might. We can not allow it to flourish. No bullying. Peace https://t.co/35lHR1h3xE
Inkydink, Heart’s is in the right place. Head’s in the right space. Study history. Dig in. Try and find the most accurate retelling. From different points of view. Not just what happened where, but the who, and what (did they stand to gain?). Follow the money (don’t blame g-d). https://t.co/35lHR1h3xE
A leader must have the courage to battle injustice wherever it exists. Failure to battle evil is far worse than the violence of battle itself. Moses was aware that violence in this case was a moral (though difficult) decision-made in order to save the lives of the innocent. https://t.co/Plw7VucHlU
Moses went out to se his brethren one day being brutally beaten- and struck down his oppressor (burying him under sand). Moses found himself embroiled in conflict after conflict. A leader must have the courage and commitment to fight (even to the death) injustice and oppression. https://t.co/Plw7VucHlU
Very emotional to see this showing of love for a true pioneer of sound and gathering @Avici. As musicians go- we yearn for bodies to absorb the music we worked and toiled over. Time spent assembling a gift that would make us happy- and dance. It really seems to me- he is present. https://t.co/DEKwJv8sq6
Moses was a true leader. A shepard. When even 1 lamb went astray- he went after it, waited until it finished drinking, then threw it over his back and returned it. He was alone; but god saw him. He never spoke about it, without ego; without ratings. He was chosen to lead the ppl.
One sure step at time- so everyone marches to the same beat. While we are on Great Earth, and bottled within our bodies- why don’t we concentrate on perfecting HERE.? There is an entire world that needs tending. Then of course there is the spiritual realms. The 2 are inseparable. https://t.co/khH2QL3BC6
Anthony, Is this real? That’s what comes up when you drive in a Tesla? I’m not sure why, but I really like it. At least they thought to include us in daily life. (Though she could be in drag.) Thank you @Elon musk. We look respectable...
True leaders reflect our own light back to us so that we may see ourselves (anew). We do need leadership. Ask yourself “where are they leading us? They may be wealthy and connected, but true leadership rises above arrogance and self interest to take on a global perspective for us
@GRMBLGRMBLS
@perryfarrell L
I agree Man, Except for 1 thing.. We should move thru time and space like a gazelle. Watch the gazelle, he is fleet of foot 1 step ahead- yet always peeking over his shoulder to see where he has been. I know what you are thinking. Lions. Death is inevitable. Run like a gazelle... https://t.co/qjAKrwCVL1
The fix: Find your soul: Reach Heaven with prayers, do kind acts below. Be as a candle- soaring- yet stayed ... https://t.co/eaNSiUnLka https://t.co/qmv3ZCqA9h
Inside dope. Feeling not so up to par. Experiencing the pains of the world- but I so wanted to perform for you. Flew into Chicago feeling as a cold turkey. Remember waiting for the cab on the curb I’m colder than I’ve ever been. Here- I felt I was having a heart attack. I wasn’t. https://t.co/mWAeF2cqu3
Yes, and thank you Bo, Similar to “Song Yet To Be Sung”. I’ve recruited some of my favorite people (yours too) to come together and make inspirational music with soul. That was the plan anyway. I am so in love with these men and woman, the tracks should take us up to Kind Heaven. https://t.co/eX7bMYiKfk
A moment of reflection. Say a little prayer for him. Among the first Star DJs to grace us (headline) Lollapalooza. We were so excited and we are very proud of him. He fed our bodies and our souls. Did not understand he was being stripped of his life force. Let him Rest In Peace. https://t.co/mG5NA1vrc4
Yes Thank you Boney, The music assembled was created by extremely talented friends and allies. It is not Jane’s Addiction the band. It is a choral of sound- analogue, digital, voice string skin bone microphone . These songs are the initial tracks for Kind Heaven. https://t.co/zX06IwpAkO
Big Peanut Butter, How mobile are you? Are you restrained? Can you dance? I am so sad if your having trouble with the body. You seem to be doing very well with soul. I have enjoyed reconnecting... https://t.co/96XJ2QYXL5
We’ll just have to record some new music for you (it’s in the can).Can you be patient until October? Hard for me. Oh yes I am so giddy for you to have new music. Hear the “Tracks To Kind Heaven”. The shivers you feel is the soul adjusting. Exercising.Taking off and then gliding. https://t.co/0cVubUS4f7
Cherry, The ending of the song “I’m happy that the sky is blue and that the earth is green and that their’s lots of fresh clean air sandwiched in between”.  Chatting with a 1st. Grade teacher on a plane who confided a student wrote it in crayon.Wish I could find and thank her... https://t.co/9BCUCoObdw
Karma Freud, You sound conflicted. Engaged in a perpetual battle between body and soul. The body and soul are created separately. Two distinct forces. Taking dust from earth; blow into it- soul of life. Body as the vehicle for soul’s expression, soul actualizes will of OG.Ya Dig? https://t.co/J9IBy3T0Xk
Brett, My dad. Wanted his love badly. Would have done anything to make him proud. 2 factors changed his interests. Woman, money, Cosa Nostra. I was a weight around neck. It killed me. He ran with them, I ran away. I STILL love him. When I returned home was a shell of former self. https://t.co/FWSlHNp2vD
Sticky, Always curios which tracks suit you? There’s not one I have not intently put my heart into. Often the last songs of albums are  least efforts. No-- it’s the final act.( Record salesmen with little faith). Every song a work of art. “To Match The Sun” rode the back of bus.. https://t.co/x7pAKrFp2l
Amir, You are right I NEVER get nervous (except when meeting the men I emulated). Professors Iggy David and Lou. At 17 my earthly father and I went to war. I challenged him to duels on the front lawn. Fists, guns. I had lost respect for (my 1st hero). Turned to music for escape. https://t.co/5YkLgyniy4
Pauly, I know- I am trying to spark your fond memories. You know before I came out to LA, I went to high school in Miami. We loved southern rock (then punk happened). We listened to Marshal Tucker, ZZTop, Leonard Skynyrd, Charlie Daniels. The Allman Brothers were the best of all.
Hi Lisa, Well you have a very great memory. The Cannnery- I remember that place. I liked the size of the room there. Kind Heaven’s show rooms are modified for maximum live music experiences. Small enough for real intimacy with artist and audience, large enough to get swept away.. https://t.co/pjS5nrMfo1
You’re no fun Carmax, With all the materiality surrounding us; the desire for wealth is greater than any time in history, it’s more important than ever to get in touch with your soul. Nurture your soul. Don’t be intimidated by your enemies if you walk in truth, and be a kind soul https://t.co/r4WKeUbWqo
“Pig is in the sky, when he wanders, Pig’s in Zen, Pig’s in Zen”. Walked into Dale Gloria’s house party in ‘86?,laying on the floor listening to that song on her record player was Iggy (my hero). I saw him- turned around and walked out the party (nerv). Toured together after that
I don’t know Pauly, If Lauren is happy. I love yoga dear brother- animals as well- the thought of paying for goats to jump on you; maybe it’s a thrill worth doing once in your lifetime?. Q: Does goat ever relieve itself?- right!? Any way- long as your happy. I’ll stick to dogs.. https://t.co/k49TRGX1gn
Actually @tomcolicchio received the message. I’m just passing it on.... Here is something more you may find interesting; I’ve heard that scientists are making progress with a form of “mushroom” that eats plastic. See..Don’t sleep on magic mushroom. I’d be a mushroom for a week...
There we have it, if you don’t be a good person and help keep the great earth clean and happy- you will now reincarnate as a plastic eating enzyme (proclamation just received from Heaven).. Imagine being on top of a mountain of plastic dreck, eating and complaining about the food
Gee he’s rather handsome... How about how large the sketch artist signed her name? Very proud of her artwork. And so thorough was the description that she added “he had a lean butt”- so obviously she did a double take. Sorry to make light; but it appears he had frosted tips.😗 https://t.co/BLXb4vvR48
Neil, I was so impressed by Scotland the first time I had the fortune to tour there. I did it right. Invited to perform “Nothing’s Shocking” by a small club promoter. There was a beautiful red head girl who led me around (nothing serious occurred;) but she turned me on to beer. https://t.co/6qmVnLUXnt
I know it’s quite coincidental but extremely effective. Oooh said Oooh.... Listen and your head won’t bother you... https://t.co/Ncz5gFsY3q
Yes try Peripheral Neuropathy for nerve damage Kev Bord, My nerves are touchy. I put my phone up to my head and wave it around my brain- it helps try it. But for the best results you’ll need a right proper sound engineer to emit sound thru a right proper sound system. The nerve.
Pauly, You know what man, I think I am too. Yes the weirdest thing- I was walking today and I saw a woman in the park who was hanging out by the bathroom near dusk. Woman was rather ripe with child.. I had no money. I’m feeling ill for this lady. Wanted to touch her but got stuck https://t.co/08vVPj5t2j
Yes I think so as well (although humility is a charming quality- but we don’t like that you view yourself as useless because you may be transitioning but you are valuable. If nothing else to great earth to animals and old folks who have it rough. They are really feeling left out. https://t.co/nHwUDDnQg4
Kerry, ‘91 the year that changed everything (not that this year won’t)- but that’s the year we all became surfers (www.)... I remember that hat- I picked it up in Miami. Doesn’t it look like a hat from Miami?. Special woven straw. I bought two- one in each color. Oversized suit. https://t.co/8h4fPN8oY6
Jason, but I know what you mean. I may come off agro but you know I am blowing off steam- cause I want the best for you. https://t.co/Ly7BseMGgr
Keep the suggestions coming Ruby, I love singing “My Time”. Matter of fact- Can do with binaural accompaniment right.? It’s perfect for that song- so yes there is a good chance I will perform it at the next show..(have meeting set with binaural expert in the next few weeks).. https://t.co/pQ5Jr0fYQL
Show me a fisherman who doesn’t have a positive outlook- I’ll show you a guy who’s lost his bait.... I’m sensitive; have to be around positivity. If it’s not there, I try and generate it with muse and ideas. Even my kids know it’s happy or nothing (as in nothing is wrong with me) https://t.co/2DuvGjfSbw
You are spot on MC, We have begun to work in the binaural area of music. Kind Heaven sound system gently messages the temples. Whisper secrets makes you giggle. Wonder where the happy chakras are on you? Need some more? Can’t hurt.
“God Had It In For Me” oh man, Sorry to lighten up- but that is very funny phrasing. May use that one day if that’s ok... You seem like a super person. Think of the top of your head on fire- getting more and more information from Heaven because that’s where your headin’... https://t.co/TvDZ2uIKXI
I’ll make a note of that Yoseph, Trying to imagine? Imagination is spending time with your soul. Say hello. Go over the morning. When you are focused you are spending time with your soul. You could be aiming a basketball at rim- or writing. Knowing your soul the way of the future https://t.co/UiGf5gLLBL
Or it is an effective yet painful function of the soul that part off the soul called discovery. When you cry, you are spending time with your soul. In a fragmented world it is difficult to discover yourself. We are annoyed when someone throws more thoughts upon us. We seek peace. https://t.co/Z3C0RL7219
An even stranger sound would be Country Music meets Hip Hop.... (it’s just a joke) We’d call that Hickhop... https://t.co/SBKid6niss
Handy having a Compass, Yes the soul retains regret. There in the depths of our soul; a reliable roadmap to redemption. Soul flickers naked truths about ourselves. The top reaching toward heaven as it is pulled back down by wick. This compromise is the human condition. Which way? https://t.co/fOpObKIz7C
Bingo https://t.co/4NC08G3zIn
In the end the yearning in my soul is far greater than the hunger in my body. The sweetest taste is knowing. https://t.co/T8Gedrgt4Y
I feed my soul maybe more than- I feed my body. https://t.co/T8Gedrgt4Y
Pauly, Are you still eating PBJs? Wasn’t that a good idea- throwing PBJs out to all the Punks who ate them (hungry) before they fell on the floor. Didn’t look that hard, I am sure people were reaching down for more. Man you’ve come a long way Pauly. Continue being kind. Goodonya. https://t.co/zbvKMk2Tre
Hello Giddy, Yes that song has got giddy up! Just refamiliarized myself with it. Am beginning to assemble a running order to our next performance (Lolla Chicago). I am up for “Hard Charging” . Looking over my shoulder, quite a few wild designs to make come alive before your eyes.
Oh, that is awesome Huntress, Was there; and it brought me right back. See- we’ve had some great days haven’t we?.... https://t.co/JPHDkbHzEp
I’m adjusting to these hottie botties Jackie, You have a point- they need employment. I’m great with keeping kids off the streets. I  hope they consider what job they are actually carrying out and for whom. I worked as a tele salesman(1 week) carpet cleaning. I felt- such a pest. https://t.co/Mwy64L0XGc
Jamis- Yes to this and some more news. This war is one in which the weapon of choice is ...Kindness. Acts of goodness and kindness JB. Give it a go bro you will never feel defeated. That is the formula. Souls can not resist kindness. Some may find it easier than others to apply.. https://t.co/nwyym4hPcp
Knew what you meant Mac... https://t.co/9CIWNBxMC5
Yes Witty, All you have said and this: Once one has arrived; persevering. I often calculate an athletes career; trying to understand how certain players obtain championships, and preserve them. Lollapalooza for me will forever be tied to Michael Jordan- as we both arrived in ‘91.
Look closely at the image Mac, It is clay sculpture the size of a desk top. There was a plastic orange juice pitcher. I placed a light inside. Then there was a juicer which made up the nose of the capsule. The face was of an angel boy I once knew. Model paint- and there you go. https://t.co/BEFYi7RwWS
Sports is superb entertainment John B.,I know you would agree. I have a habit of watching sports and news to sharpen my focus. News is superb entertainment as well. I often reflect on the life of a professional musician and the life of a professional athlete.There’s similarities https://t.co/aUYClKzlPQ
Rob Lee, Have you watched all the playoffs this weekend? Pretty cool blitz effect by the NBA, ESPN, ABC. One player stands out to me. Ben Simmons. He seems to be the Poratzta or “Jumper” in this case. The one who breaks through. Love Russ though and Kobe fav Harden has the touch. https://t.co/wr2VlWCzuA
Am now....Wow this is a surprise. Hang in there CG. No one likes watching a blow out anyway. I love the intensity.... https://t.co/Gj6wz2mC5c
Your boy is adorable Carla, I see his mother in his eyes... https://t.co/QmnPLXDjYL
Oh Shite- Sorry Lucy, Went on your feed- you were speaking about someone else. I am wrong. I had not read about “Kosher Missiles” until I looked down at your tweet.... https://t.co/KD9H2htf6I
Thanks for reaching out Lucy, You may want to get your superior to sit in on this. Should I be flattered- you’ve visited my account? Each time you contact me- you give me purpose, and drive. Thanks. Care to debate? History lesson? Talk politics? Perceptions? You hide. Are Poison. https://t.co/KD9H2htf6I
What do you mean by safe? A place to come down? Or a place to hide from the law? I don’t know anyplace where you’d be hidden from the law. If you need to regroup those angels in your head, sit them down with love and have patience. Say “I want you well”; then get gritty yourself. https://t.co/mNAHXwIMK0
Thank you Christy for the vote.. I remain busy. I am onto- Getting back to the Garden.  Huge undertaking. I have Mishpucha (family) in Bon Jovi. David Bryan their pianist is a very special guy. I’m happy for his accomplishments. Been trying to write music together. Is Dave home?.
Where else does a man pick up bruises on his butt like that? It used to be my step mother would lay licks on me pretty good. (Face). I took off for the west coast with boards in tow back in ‘74. Haven’t looked back. Yes those are self induced smacks from riding da bowl w/ da boys https://t.co/YbRELFuhqp
Brian, This what we do- rock their world with Kindness... And humor and music. If they’re anything like us (they are) they will want to join us. We all know they are being repressed. How to free them?? Communicate with them. Give them some Luv. Would HATE to live under Autocracy.
Cool JB, My whole life I’ve built a tolerance for such insinuations.. How must we feel- Rome took us and spread us out on crosses.. then insinuated that it was our idea- our own fault. That we did it to our Rebbe Yehoshua. Who were the first Christians fed to the lions for sport? https://t.co/pvZFQiXJEw
I’m so glad that they are dancing Danny, My son taught me the Shoot yesterday. I enjoy keeping up with new dance moves. When I was younger, 60’s and 70’s- they had new moves coming out all the time. And songs for you to dance to- like the “Locomotion”. It was silly- but happy.. https://t.co/XVOZoHmG26
Punch, This bot babe don’t surf or skate. Sits in front of a computer irritated because he’s not out doing what he really wants to. Can’t cop a natural high surfing the web let’s face it. He’s doing what we all do when we use the loo. Check my battle scars. Feel great in 3 days! https://t.co/rkjV7jOq74
Good morning Baz, I don’t mind responding to this young man (this hot bot) because behind this pixeled doll is an intelligent person (being manipulated by seniors) working to manipulate us. I am set. I will break through to him. In his soul, he wants to join us. Can’t ignore it. https://t.co/KfXhUkp9UH
A New Scene Vin, What I’m talkin’ about brotha. A new age. Messianic. It’ll happen if we want it. It’ll happen- if we plead. Gotta work for it. Can’t steal it. Gotta come from our hearts. Really mean it man. You and I on the same page. No confusion. Get in contact with our soul. https://t.co/uAZzQ0nM22
It occurred to me Looloo, That it was a bot (a real hot bot) driving the conversation, but I was interested to see if I could respond in such a way that I would not hurl insults back, or take offense to their wack remarks. Try it. You have to be creative. They’re giving me ideas. https://t.co/fDFTDwDF6K
Good night Jamis, Put down the bottle Dear Boy. Good night to everyone around the world who feels that things have gotten so out of control; perhaps the Jews are responsible. Rest assured that I Peretz will try to make the world a better place. Let’s you and I keep our chins up. https://t.co/AERHno0W4j
Now we are on to something Jamis, It has been too long. We musicians- need to break the boundaries once again. It is important we draw out the powers and strength of the people to overcome violence, hatred and ignorance. We do so by putting skin in the game. It’s about to begin. https://t.co/2HW8N3bY7t
Jamis, I can not tell you there aren’t some bad guys out there who are Jewish. We have our share of unethical men who take advantage of others. There are heroes too. There are Jewish people who I am so disappointed in.. Sound familiar? What about your family?...I still love mine. https://t.co/9YkaXhgKYK
Ok Andy, You are tripping my man. Get a grip. Do you take medication? What medication do you take? What for may I ask? No judgment, I am a little nutty too. Sad to say I know what it feels like when battling against them. It takes guts. So you reach into your guts man. That’s it. https://t.co/fnXNM3kZ6N
Thank you for telling me Andylicous, You are wrong. I know very little about brainwashing- and could care less about it. All I can tell about you is that you dislike Jewish people. I try to imagine being prejudice..but not for very long. I try mostly to imagine the world at peace https://t.co/MERcNUEO55
Darling McLeod’s, Shed a pearl tear for you. Wish- I was on the dance floor, Love Poretz https://t.co/F8LIW8ofUm
Care for a swim? https://t.co/ZzJ8LYMRJJ
@Yosenada, I’ve turned into a pest who is gonna pester you into becoming a defender of the great earth. Look at Nature- filthy near this Giant (no idea what this fuckin’ thing is?) It naturally became undrinkable water? No that’s not quite accurate.. Poisonous. Is man Innocent?.. https://t.co/R23oJq7N0g
I’ll pass on this one Da North, It seems genetically modified... I try and stay away from GMO’s at this time. Like myself looking like we did in the early 70’s. Besides you don’t need something that size to satisfy a woman or a man. “All you need is Love!” Data dada da!!”
You mean “Led in your pencil”- don’t you Trezy?
Mmhmff- Now you’ve done it. Gone and come up with the cure to erectile dysfunction. (No not really). Not busting a man’s balls is the best cure of all....I’ve been onto Brazilian Spider Bite for years now. It’s what I replaced the cucumber in the pants with.... https://t.co/26wuCVmP3g
Dhogs Dhey Rrule Dhee Nhite.. https://t.co/ULjEWT5wqF
Da5id, My old friend is coming off a bit like your old phone.... https://t.co/K448BpQtCU
@Yosenada, Let’s suppose you are spot on with your assessment of the world’s wellbeing, why would you stand up against those who want the world prettier? Those who want the world to smell nice, and be amazingly fertile? Don’t you want to live in that world? Let’s shoot for it.. https://t.co/kT3Dv9EUAw
Thank you Happy, Why does the Professor feel the need to be Talking Head? Perhaps we are witnessing an open court slam dunk without defender, and he is being paid by CNN to lend credibility to the defense? The optics are a shame- and the defendant? So many descent ppl need help.. https://t.co/gj67H8kcwg
SMarty, Might I suggest getting your head out of your fooo... https://t.co/S6mj3oANnQ
Adam, Would not recommend said method (slapping yourself at the insistence of one’s own big brother)- but yes I idolized him when I was young. He became an outlaw biker. I was 6 or 7; he waited until our parents left, and take me riding through the neighborhood in Queens.1st Rush https://t.co/dnhkORLutQ
Did you say ruin the house?you said rule.Yes both. I wake with them on my legs.They aren’t supposed to be on the bed (allergy eyes). It’s worse for Etty- still she won’t let me kick them off. I wait hand and foot on them all day. Unrequited love even after pooing under the piano. https://t.co/svH9ieumML
I have a suggestion Annie May, Take a trip to Comic-Con? I went once and the comic groupies are out there enforce. Not sure if you’re kidding about the virgin part- but I always advise ppl who are looking for love to “Immerse in a social scene that they are drawn (good pun) to.”
I have to disagree with my old friend Mr. Dershowitz as well..  I would love to ask him; Dear Professor, why are you getting yourself in the middle? Ppl around the world see you as a wise man. They listen to your wisdom and opinions. Surely there are other deserved ppl. to save? https://t.co/7X0oCi3v5n
Animalfilter, You seem friendly and smart, it’s unnerving to speak to a doll. I imagine singing to a room full of dolls that look like you- and it doesn’t process well. Do you have a picture of yourself, preferably smiling- and dressed? Goes to show- humans need analogue friends.
Mark, Who ever told you that, has the keys.. Don’t be too hard on your big brother. Just by the fact you mention him (name? Can’t be asshole?) means you admire him as I do mine. In fact- let’s both call our asshole big brothers today and see how they are? Been a minute for us 2. https://t.co/iI3iNRco83
Carla, That is one certain tat.. Surely there is a lot of pressure on my part; (wouldn’t know how to ever let you down).. Fear not.  On the way with gems, and laughter; tears of pearls.. The sounds of Love conquering..The waft  of future in the air.. Another great occasion here.
Justin, How are you Sabbath morning? My first requirement-relax, don’t wake dogs. They’re on to me. Unreasonable to expect them to hold back top of the morning. Wild children.. Been thinking of @Tonyhawk a lot  (bruised) as I’ve returned to the skate parks with my other children. https://t.co/EskEd5yxRk
Polly, Sounds like you’ve had a full life thus far. Riding horses is both relaxing and exciting. My last time riding was in Patagonia. I can still see trail, mountain and gully. Makes me want to dig up old pictures. My family riding alongside me. Tony’s horse seemed intolerant. https://t.co/KMGunzDDNN
No I mean Yes.  I still do feel young in my soul. Perhaps I am a new soul. I coach myself silently all day long to hang in there and act adult (especially around adults). I don’t want to have a reputation- that I can’t be serious (old). I want people to know they can count on me. https://t.co/sxAfnjdDfo
Polly I am good with Tony, It’s obvious he does not live on a horse yet there he is on some indignant professional athlete horse. Giving thrill a go. Like his moxie. Ask anyone I live by the seat of my pants. What scares me is the thought of slowing down; but I hurt some- my butt
Mack- The hole that has occurred in the ozone near the Antarctic is allowing glaring UV rays to penetrate making it down right dangerous to walk about in the afternoon. I don’t know how you deal?! Don’t know if I could hide out all day indoors when the Coral Sea was my backyard?
FSZ, You are on the right track. Self educate. No hurry.. Get in touch with your heart. Ask your heart “Am I in love with this earth? Do I take from it- do I eat and drink from it- do I ride it’s waves and walk it’s paths and descend it’s mountains? Faster. Get to know the earth. https://t.co/Ya4G1qUJ8h
I very rarely wear glasses when I perform. Reason being they would go flying off. This is a very rare moment in time. I was backstage and someone handed me those shades to try on. They were so outrageous (did you check them out?) I went out there and had them off by the next song https://t.co/M3e6oe1T9U
I obviously unmuted you- so let’s not argue - but discuss. The solution is we take note of things that are poisonous to our playground- and act responsibly as the generational curators. Do not let unconscious people ruin our home. Is earth not deeply personal to you? Ho Ka Hey https://t.co/NXVYpjNM3P
I still have the 12 string Gibson guitar that I played live back in the day Mike. I have been thinking to revive my participation on 3 Days with said guitar. Have been on active maraca duties; just not cutting it anymore.. Here is a current interest: 8 stringed instruments. Info? https://t.co/FDyhqqRzGe
Yeah Pauly, We’ve had some life eh old friend?.. https://t.co/pUu9kHl4lw
There were bouncers? https://t.co/oZu6tDwOeS
I muted you because of the bad fertilizers running out of your mouth Bossy, but I post your comment to challenge you. The period we are about to enter is Messianic. We will all feel our consanguinity to nature so intently, that there will be no doubt; we are nature. No Poisoners.
What’s up Chad, Thank you for your efforts to keep mother ocean and all her offspring clean. We All Come From The Sea. https://t.co/vULbjxdP1u
Enigma, Interesting info about raised platforms.. thank you. May I add that the corporations you tag as “big money” are corps that are out of time (their ideas are being passed) by the great thinkers of today, and descent people who love this great earth are done. It’s our water! https://t.co/fIzcK6mfoB
Wow Roger that is fantastic news about Critical Mass! I would sit around the keg with the rest, watch and listen to them every other weekend. I would think to myself “this kid (the guitarist) deserves to be famous. He spends so much time and joy with his guitar. Just disappeared. https://t.co/YCe7nFBdqN
Thank you Chelsea, Some of the 6 million that perished were my true family members. Lucky for some to survive. There is a story about my Uncle Jack who made it over to London. Was chased by Nazis into a corn field. Couldn’t find him? Jack had blond hair (irony) that blended in.. https://t.co/U2FyEjHyID
Adam, I no longer give these men- these grown men a pass. These men who go to college and take on important tittles... then they get on the mic; .....Bluster.. BBLLuster. I’ve heard 10 yr. old kid rappers with more credibility and honesty... We are beginning to go in circles.. https://t.co/oLn9tIN0UW
Hear a person say there is inconclusive scientific evidence- global warming exists; Identify that person with ulterior motives. They have connections to corporations who prosper at the expense of our invaluable clean air and water. Those who love the great earth are you with me?!
Roger- You’re the first guy (other than living alumni at NMB High to know of their existence.What other info do you have? Do you know Sue Kline? She was so hot in H.S. We ran together while her boyfriend was off at college, then her parents put her in rehab.I never saw her again.
Tony, You fell exactly like I did at the skate park yesterday( and every time I board anywhere). I know how you feel. I look at my bruised.. a.. rear end and show it to my wife proudly. Battle scars.. I press them throughout the day- they sometimes almost feel good? Are you ok? https://t.co/YjwikmGBc4
Carlie, In high school (70’s) was a band that played every party called “Critical Mass”. The lead singer/guitarist was a big bouncy kid who could play”Free Bird”. To us, that was amazing..They never made it. Always wondered what became of them. Critical Mass. It’s where we’re at. https://t.co/cHflyOKVzN
Something called complicity. The oki dock. https://t.co/FUwgxKArUg
I’ll be looking out for you... https://t.co/hQGWgp3V4g
*”The Fun House” is a slang for making music in “the garage, or having fun with the band.. it is taken off the tittle of great Iggy And The Stooges seminal 70’s recording “Fun House” Our kind love Iggy.. https://t.co/SwgRmuQJGD
If only there would be uncrowned perfect waves every day. If only there was a skate park in my back yard, if only the mountain was open all year long?? Well I don’t exactly have the power Mercy....I’ll tell you what though- We do...I am ready to move into the future (w/ everyone) https://t.co/AEcpIdYONg
Grumble- You look like Che Guevara. Right on. The last place I would ever stress is in the “Fun House”... That’s not where it comes from. It comes from worrying about the great earth...   Complexity and rapidity of globalization. Hyperbole, uncertainty. Do my kids think I’m cool?
I am interested to see what the response is from the entire world to our current events.We have an opportunity right now to raise our consciousness (our reputations in an ethical way). If I were pointed in some wrong direction- try some new roads. I would pay my dues and move on.
How do you deal with stress? Been told I am very polite. It’s true. Sometimes though I am so tense. And I am thinking other things while trying to be tolerant. Some say the “intolerant minority” rules the world. I try to break that rule. One thing I recommend.. Express yourself.
RSOTH Paul Ryan is retiring in January. I Can’t see why? He had the head shake thing down. We can all be prophets today.If you want to prophecy- go man today. Follow the money and Follow Paul Ryan. Follow the Yellow Brick Road. Wonder what he’ll do now? Keep his hands a clapping.
This is my son Cloud. I promised his dad that I would give him a good life- before I led him out of a pen and into our (family’s) life. Etty thinks I love him most- not like I say that I love everyone equal in this house... I pray (request in my heart) that he becomes a person.. https://t.co/GGSOSdf7GI
Thanks man- I’m diggin’ those shots. Nothing like youthful enthusiasm (except matured gnostics)..I do appreciate you sharing those photos. I have been crap at capturing the moments. Though having really enjoyed the moments my attitude was that the experience was for my eyes only.
Rosey, Sure- wouldn’t mind viewing the footage. I’m in the beginning stages of producing a fresh live show. Would be good to have OG footage never seen by the public. So thanks. I’ll get with you on that. I remember being taken up there in a real fast car(wasn’t mine).The curves! https://t.co/66egno8RLz
Goldie, I love that shot... When you watch the Stop video- (I just did recently to watch the surf) that is the show that was used to create the video.. Your footage is shot before cell phones were in everyone’s hands- so you have very rare pictures (I don’t even have any). Do now https://t.co/ctjYJnMajC
Frank, I remember the Boathouse. I remember climbing up on a crane that was parked next to it. Virginia perhaps? They didn’t use the crane to smash the Boathouse did they? I also remember running into Sonic Youth down there who were on tour with Nirvana. Did you go to that gig?.
Jamis, Don’t stand beneath those pigeon holers. They care less where they drop opinions..
I love diversity. God’s array of people and their ideas. Their sounds- their colors, and free movements make for a robust life. Each soul- unique (yes Politicos, some of us aren’t speaking from our hearts.. We are better than this). A snowboarder and a skier, can share a mountain https://t.co/dYS4uVFNsX
Mike, It’s been too long. Your pal Perry here. Driving home from LAX- I showed Etty this pic and explained to her just how explosive and fantastic The Minutemen were. I must have been at the last 5 shows you guys did up in LA. Helped to put on that epic boat show in Pedro Harbor. https://t.co/yfm9bLF7rR
You should rather do a chicken broth (not sure if you’ve ever tried deli matzo ball chicken noodle soup, but that soup has strange powers. Never met anyone who wasn’t happy with the effects. If I was a doctor- that’s what I would recommend... https://t.co/jhXTWPM6Ac
It would be a very intimate concert for sure Mark, On this trip we decided to take a rubber raft down river- ... https://t.co/xEldc47JHE https://t.co/VuvkFyxENa
Longie, I would fish with Les anytime. LC is one of the hardest chargers I have ever met (with a friendly creative soul untainted by knucklehead newsmakers). When we last spoke he had busted an eardrum from submerging himself several meters below the sea on a slow diving mission. https://t.co/fw6YaX2LmE
GKGgirl, That is one special message. I hope  you have it preserved and prominently displayed in your home. When you sit down with people each person’s family history has it’s share of struggle, and success. We’re all trying to carry on; fulfill their dreams. Let’s do them proud. https://t.co/Rwl3nnrXCD
Mac, I appreciate the offer; we love Oz. One of these days we’ll return. Especially now, knowing that there are amazing shoe stores. For the record- Etty went fishin’ with me. And I have as many shoes in our closet as she does. Lately I’ve been spying sturdy boots to walkabout. https://t.co/GrYAMw0MoF
Kevin, How ru? Today I went “Rollin’ on a river”, tryin’ to de stress. Took in some fresh oxygen and a few brown trout. When you breath in the good stuff, your body craves another hit. I chose The Rocky Mountain Atmosphere today to breath in good sense. What about a fishin’ tour? https://t.co/vOpYTeqMGv
Kevin, How ru? Today I went “Rollin’ on a river”, tryin’ to de stress. Took in some fresh oxygen and a few brown trout. When you breath in the good stuff, your body craves another hit. I chose The Rocky Mountain Atmosphere today to breath in good sense. What about a fishin’ tour?
Watching the news.. Could use another bottle TP, Trying so hard to remain mellow- it’s almost impossible. I am holding it back- hurts so bad.. I do see progress; here is where: Technology has given us a platform to open dialogue, discuss, decide things with our children,neighbor. https://t.co/YuRkOflJu0
Thx Carla, I have a question for @DJPaulV, who was hanging around PFP in this video (and co-managing us at the same time). Are you still in contact with these OG LA LGBTs? Ron Athey as the crazed mastermind who tarrs and feathers himself. Graffic blood flags by Ronald? Who else?
Yes I’ve  been toasting New York since 1959. Lately I’ve been in contact with my Big Sis- finding out more about my family. She told me a story about my mom and dad (who are both long gone). My dad fought in WWII, and mom went to work in a parachute factory. Ask about your past..
Classic Justin! Leads me to wondering about how Jerry would have wished ppl a happy BDay in this age of social media? Can you imagine what he would tweet? We’ll just have to wait for lil Jerry incarnated to find out... https://t.co/GVdeAP57Rh
Is that you up there TR? I am celebrating our BDay up in Aspen. Our first run is about to happen. Nothing like the great out doors for a super BDay present. Last ski run of the season for us. And tomorrow we are float fishing. As the weather warms, the trout become camera ready..
Cool Graphics CG, I looked over at my boy Izzy, who is now around my age at the top left panel. Izzy’s starting to skate (I started boarding in the 60’s. Ball bearings wheels), and Izzy likes his hair left long like that too. We had a good laugh. Wild children have the best life! https://t.co/MRx3aHYbEH
Ryan, Down there somewhere we’re singing dancing making new friends, having drinks, smoking, laughing, being delighted by the pretty lights- having a sip of water.. all the things one does at a music festival (make out). Fear not. Political pep rallies can’t begin to resemble us.
Diego worked around the clock without sleep to keep the festival happening. The life or death of his countrymen rested on his shoulders. Each time it poured - he returned to the grounds with the government officials. Losing money, but the concern was about life- and the future. https://t.co/jqFcJLNeSQ
Tarp, The reason Argentina has a Lollapalooza is because we came to know an Argentinian named Diego Finkelstein. He believed in the music, and wanted it so badly for his country. He worked his ass off- building the site with pleasure, but- safety first. 100,000 ppl per day 1 of 2 https://t.co/jqFcJLNeSQ
Lauri Ta, The artists and staff worked themselves past the point of exhaustion. Traveling to South America w the intention of making you and your country happy. Our message is of freedom, peace, and unity. It truly broke our hearts we could not present our show to you. Let it go. https://t.co/bDqeHbQH2F
Oh Mitchell I will be heading to @Hell’sKitchen. My youngest son (13) Izzy loves @GordonRamsey. Makes me sit and watch episodes of his show. Izzy cooks and swears beyond his years. I like how this tuffy speaks to children. Underneath the thick crust lies a soft and tender heart. https://t.co/gQHO3McVzE
Mitchell, Thanks for the tip. What type of restaurant is it? Need to start familiarizing myself with the people and places of Vegas (specifically Cook County). I’ll bet there are many spots that the locals know of and congregate at. If you love Asian street food, try Kind Heaven.
La Cabrera completely changed our plans.They were kind enough to set a table for us in their very busy restaurant. The steak they brought was so tender, I couldn’t control my salivation glands. They are acting up again at the thought of another juicy bite. We stayed on for hours! https://t.co/a9bdotXfhd
Juampi, How are old are you? Think my man; if people got hurt or killed after they had declared it unsafe- there would be hell to pay. People would be suing over deaths of their family. One day god willing you’ll have a business or a community to protect. Have fun don’t fukitup. https://t.co/kymQ0nFFvV
Last tweet: (what’s going on in Buenos Aires tonight?)
Juampi, My Friends, Please hear me a last time. I thought the same thing. It’s sunny now 2:00! I even stressed production. The final decision is the government’s. Once they declared the area unsafe, we could not refute it. With a tragedy that occurred here a few yrs. ago in mind. https://t.co/DgRisUdwGm
Ninoska, But there are only 6 people silly enough to get into this “designer” mud pit!! C’mon?! You’ve got to laugh.. Bet they regretted it by 3:00. And they’d see a cute guy- but they couldn’t make a connection... “we went in the mud pit....what’s your name?” https://t.co/LGFVh6Xh4m
Yes you did Luvdyes, But you didn’t see me rolling up the tarps hanging all around the hanger. We were alerted that the grounds were on fire, and that we had better get out “Now!” But like a captain with his ship- I stayed back with the crew and helped break down and load out. https://t.co/W1YEYoNBn1
Ninoska, Forgot about this gig. (I was there). Woodstock, where you frolic in the mud like the 60’s..(man made mud pit woohoo!) aside from the fact that it was built on a toxic waste land fill, and there were several woman raped. It ended w the grounds set ablaze. Keep reading. https://t.co/LGFVh6Xh4m
Ninoska, Glad you weren’t the one to make the call on this particular day.... Experts (Stage engineers who resurrected the structure in tandem with band stage producer in tandem with band manager) assess the damage inflicted by god. I was disappointed too https://t.co/IRPgHMh63a
I am still pissed off- but we did the right thing. And there is no one be blame. I am hell bent on making next year the time of our life. (2/2)
Brothers, sisters, our hearts have been aching over the news of the rainout today. I’ve even gotten angry. Wanting answers- thinking of a way- why not move ahead- it stopped raining?..You and me we are alike. I made sure to obtain pictures- here they are. (1/2) https://t.co/JoimpkJZYg
Justin, Thanks brother- we’d love to have your team on board some day. Send our love  to friend and your family. Today was very sad- as a torrent of rain hit Argentina and destroyed the stages. Our last show here was canceled. It’s eating us up inside- but way beyond our control. https://t.co/6fHFrVDk8T
Paul, Goes to show this life is hurried for everyone. The guilt behind procrastinations and lofty proclamations makes for sweet song and universal sentiment. “Gonna kick tomorrow..”. We can all relate. My big Sis works with the severely handicapped. Her heart is made of gold.. https://t.co/mOFBnJS210
Fernando, I do know @BABYMETAL_JAPAN Jane’s performed in Japan with them and Ozzy! I was very impressed by the ferocious sound being generated from these rather petite young ladies?..After their set we all met backstage. They are so cool- I agree we need BMJ at Lolla (and KH!) https://t.co/2t3fOJQvAx
Fans can visit https://t.co/lwM0ojjmyF and Lollapalooza Argentina’s social media to obtain information about refunds for Sunday.(2/2)
Due to severe overnight weather containing heavy storms, lightning and winds that are expected to continue, it has been decided in compliance with governmental authorities instructions to cancel the third day of Lollapalooza Argentina. (1/2)
The view from above Lollapalooza ‘18 in Santiago Chile. We came together 8 years ago to become partners and developed a  friendship that Etty and I truly treasure. It’s with great pride that I post this unforgettable (3 days sold out) evening. Must plan a visit to soulful Chile. https://t.co/znwiKWzFK8
After a long dusty day of walking around O’Higgins Park in Santiago Chile for Lolla. It’s a good idea to do a face mask- clean the ‘ol pores. One of the perks to having a wife who loves beauty products. Etty always masks and puts them on us both. They feel cool/ I feel beautiful https://t.co/Nq5jKBHMvZ
And it sounds even better when it’s blasted Danny, Produced to be broadcast as if one were coming to overpower the enemy with a musical love bomb. Glad we could jog your memory. I’m sure you’re more refined today however we should do our very best to remain young at heart. A-woo! https://t.co/n6o6JesDcU
Hello AM., Would love to know the other musician who inspire you to visit the library? Living in an age of learning. Information about anything and everything at the touch of a button. Would love to take credit for being “wise” but it’s more the villains who inspire change today. https://t.co/8I3QpqkkNS
Dangerous MD? I mean I don’t go around poisoning people.. Anyone capable of a dastardly deed like that I’d call grossly dangerous. Daring; speaking truth to power, (or putting on an outfit like this) But not dangerous as in the CIA or the FBI are looking to end my reign of terror https://t.co/42NeKaObAK
Proud to rock in’ a zoot suit. My dad used to go out to the dance clubs in Brooklyn and Rock a zoot suit on the dance floor. That’s where he met my mom. Aunt Razel told me he had the moves. Would have loved to be around in those days (for a night). Just to see what they’re up to. https://t.co/4zDhlwuJo1
Dear Jedi Master, I think you’ll love it in Kind Heaven. My partner and chief architect Ed Jones did the visual special effects for your Star Wars “The Empire Strike’s Back”, and “The Last Jedi” movies. You were great in both- by the way. Come by say hello. We’d love 2 CU again.
I will Mutha’ Fucka’ Such a high new level that you’re gonna want it- want to reach up and touch it; and then your gonna get on your toes and think to yourself ooh, I am a little smaller than I thought- but it’s cool- cuz I touched it almost (will try again).Yeah Go Teens Today! https://t.co/nF4w0NLR6R
Chris, Thx for this.. Listen Kind Heaven is an Immersive Entertainment Complex. Even more fun than VR or AR. Yes we will entertain using “state of the art technologies”, when you reach out and touch someone they’ll be warm, and they’ll be real. You may fall in love..dance. Laugh. https://t.co/ikJbMfCVdg
Hi Salman, Are you in Pakistan right now? I’ve never been.. About to fly to Chile for Lollapalooza. Would love to perform for you in Pakistan. The difficulty is the inherent danger.Getting caught up in warfare. A lot of people care about you. Waiting for “Peace” to make our move.
Here it is.   https://t.co/5gqdHpyi1Q
Lollapalooza forever changed the way the world experience live entertainment and @KindHeaven will take that to the next level. Nothing like this has ever been attempted before. It’s going to be incredible. Get ready. #KindHeavenVegas #KindHeaven
Hi Amya, The sheep were not ours. Believe it or not there is a place that trains dogs to herd- and we took the boys there for fun and education (yes I am referring to our dogs Cloud and Storm). Etty and I also learned how to train dogs to herd, and a little about sheep and such.. https://t.co/jtPInkILdt
Thank you Irene, That was an unforgettable night surrounded by incredible musicians. Things started out a bit awkward. During soundcheck my leg got tangled around Gerry Leonard’s guitar cord- sauntering across the stage. Almost yanking his axe from him. Quite a nervous entrance😗
These were my Sheltie’s surrogate herd. Glaring at us like 3 ballers waiting for “next” to take the court. The middle one was quickest. White sheep can jump. My “Cloud” ran him head first into the fencing. Instinct took over. I spent the rest of the day pulling him from joggers. https://t.co/9eUzomSd05
This sunset kiss on our 16th Wedding Anniversary. We were both extra nice to each other; she must be thinking the same thing I was: “Through all the ups and downs, you have always risen to every occasion; stood by me- gave me strength and confidence. I kind of still luv u madly!” https://t.co/dFCl4cX8Cd
Like a reporter, I am trying to understand my subject Bossy. By asking the right questions; and being open minded- I am hoping to eventually uncover the truth. If he is the man we’ve all been waiting for; I say he needs to be seriously vetted. Nothing worse than a false prophet.. https://t.co/bHGXTlh4FH
Thanks for sending this Raisin. Fascinating...The “Trumpeter” could be Trump... I’d go so far as to call him one  “great Profit er” as well..Donald’s real family name is Drumpt. Can’t believe god didn’t fact check this one. Perhaps he can be the drumpter in the band (can’t sing).
Not only is Isaiah a dope prophet, he’s brought life back to the Lakers.Thank you for the inspiration this morning. Having such a material man running the show for the country has brought us all a little more down to earth. Hard to remember some times that we r in fact spiritual. https://t.co/jNyn9JjcZO
Tushita, Please post a pic from your Enit adventure? Life is surprising. Dance music grew up; we act like grown ups. Constantly adapting/ reshaping our life as a person that we reluctantly become. I feel very comfortable as the man I am today. Maturity is the most difficult part. https://t.co/N4yN3AvQRg
Congratz INJUV! I remember thinking that the guitar was coming out really well; who ever receives it is gonna be delighted. I believe that we are drawn to art- any type of art because we love to follow the expressions of others. Why I even enjoy watching a good finger in the air. https://t.co/PMPNdHhUm5
Hi Leslie, I hope they were tears of joy. I know I felt for a moment there was angel song. And people stood up at the same time... a moment to remember. Last night I went out searching... "I searched for form and land'.... Then I returned home and ate some frozen grapes. https://t.co/6XidKaHca1
Cool Alee, I'm in LA getting ready for Chile and our other S. American partners Argentina, and Brazil. Thinking about some very very important things (what I'm going to wear?). Do you already have an out fit or 2 in mind? What kinds of things do you like to wear? Sneakers? Heels? https://t.co/itbP3snjeT
Asking someone who knows nothing about drugs to come and rescue us (without Jared!) is too much... Give Jared his special agent card back or don't count on it. All the cole slaw spit out today about it being verwy veery baed  What The !?-  the problem will not be solved (by him).
You may be onto the answer for the NFL's concussion protocol. "We take off the skull entirely, and encase the brain in an unbreakable glass cake display." Don't be threatened by those bulging eyes. He's really collected - just has no eyelids to form expressions. https://t.co/ZrT5mBtKOi
A rainbow over Alcatraz. When we're in Hawaii, this would mean to me that there is hope. But we are in SF, looking out to a penal colony.. perhaps hope is more needed. I know there are no prisoners there anymore. But there are their spirits. I hope they are looking at it with us. https://t.co/Ap837Lwyal
I lived in a Buick "Mixin". With my girlfriend. We were both young and thin. But it was roomy. My point was though that the gun speech reminded me of the used car salesmen that sold it to me. It did break down... I do believe that these young men and woman are on the right road.. https://t.co/kGk3CTC0IK
I wonder the same thing "carver". I seem to remember singing n dancing to some very messed up and lost souls who eventually (trial n error/grit) found our way. Today we look back w slight amusement. But the answer is obvious. It's Love and caring. Bet you could cut crime in half. https://t.co/HtVS0N1OWp
20 % More Teachers Wanted. Should Be Armed (with a psychiatric degree). Must be available to reach out. Talk with students; maybe even Help a sicko to become just another kid w life's problems. Detect a child is troubled; in need of advice love guidance!Before tragedy strikes us.
The mans a genius. Stay with his logic. He's really gonna arm us with towels! https://t.co/OGnYXMUo45
China has been around for 6000 years
"Take me in oh tenda woman- take me in..YOU WANT TO BUY A BUICK?
"See what we do is, we secretly put guns all over the schools, and no one's gonna know 'cuz it's gonna be a secret that I'm telling you." "And, we pay the teachers more if they're willing to kill the kids". Do not listen to today's advice. Greed is leading us outside of reason.
Wait, Can anyone help me? How does it go?. "One Nation. .Under Gun.. Or is it "One Nation.. Under God? I hope it's under God. I'm down with God. I'm also really down with you teenagers. Way to be smart. You make us parents of teens so proud-listening to you and your teachers. Yes
I've totally felt not cool enough. Why just yesterday I felt not cool at all. Though there was a moment I felt so cool and happy. Right after I got laid. So I decided to write a song "It's a good day, when you get laid". I had a melody and everything but then I fell back asleep. https://t.co/4ybx6zRR6K
Please send it to me- I can't say the tittle is one I recognize; but I do recognize a phonetic similarity to what you have described. Let's see if I can bring some clarity to this matter. https://t.co/jpPlxfzbC0
Jeremy That's some serious 1982 Goth to be tangling with. How old are you? Were you around then or does it just appeal to you? I have a few favorite artists that I love listening to their early works. Picking up on their artistic progress. The maturing of a good friend's music... https://t.co/QKCZ4FolGz
When someone dies in your lifetime that can never be replaced- is what it feels like when I think of Bill Graham; their mgmt..and Jerry who's spirit had us all singing and dancing in that unique universe of theirs. I got to know Hunter some. Still look up to him and all The Dead. https://t.co/rIFMXt7YLL
The city of 9 gates... one of the first songs I ever recorded with Psi Com. At a time of life when there was a sense of discovery (about the age of 23). I took an interest in comparative religion, and punk rock. Can anyone say where the city of 9 gates is? I will tell you later. https://t.co/F7y14JwMMY
That's a good one Noisy! Have not ever seen it before. Now I know why the chicks dig us so much! Not far from a boy band glossy 8' by 10'. Back then it was harder to control what images were circulating around as music had many more magazines taking silly pics of silly band boys. https://t.co/2VDx1KdStC
Hear a story of the time I met Lance Armstrong. It was during his 6th Victory of the Tour De France. I was there at the invitation of his agents CSE who changed names to C3 (my Lolla partners). Up in Aspen Colorado over the holidays we were with our families and recorded the chat https://t.co/Yju2kTWdYB
They may doggie fight a lot, but when it comes down to it they are truly concerned about each other. Stormy was just neutered, and went to lay over Clouds paw. Cloud even let him run down the tennis ball and bring it to me. I've never met a more kind and caring doggie in my life. https://t.co/czOIniRm6T
Yes there were stories of cow tipping told by friends, but I was thankful to the cows for growing us party favors- I petted and praised them. They looked at me kinda funny- like "you know the owner of this farm fires salt peter at all the trespassers out here looking to get high. https://t.co/n8dzhcdt01
A few words to learn, and Nua Nua will take on a new life. A Nua Nua is a rainbow. So I am delighted by seeing a glorious rainbow "touch down" from Heaven onto the earth. "No Fe Fe" means no fear, and those words are of the dialect spoken on the island of Fiji. Un- for- getable.. https://t.co/nknbdgRomw
"Sing a song to me; I'll play one for you that comes to me." "Splash on the water, circle the alter. Give to your son a quote for his daughter". Ramseyville this is a song- but it is also a blessing wrapped within a promise. One of the kind things you can do for someone is listen https://t.co/JRL8Pe52tF
Pistolero, One of the things I will accomplish this year is getting Satellite Party streaming. For sometime my tongue has been tightly tied. Rest assured I've been working like a dog. Working on a bold concept sure to delight all my friends- the early adapters, and music lovers. https://t.co/P1wqL3ijUj
Chased, runoff, tickled silly, scolded, tripped, tripping https://t.co/oJKjVhoDAk
I will try to get your favorite album onto Spotify this year Hreidar. What songs are your favorite? SYTBS was a labor of love. Each day we'd record using the latest in digital software. Trying to breakthrough. The storyline being the peaceful 1,000 years that follow Armageddon . https://t.co/EHGJlmhs4r
Look at us as a discovery. A musical discovery that you share only with people you trust. Use it as a badge of honor- you knew about us years ago. A sign of your worldliness. But most of all use the music to charge hard- down mountainside; or to outrun the curl of a swollen wave. https://t.co/rQdgOoUGxh
When the time arises for playing music I feel as though I'm about to run wild through a field. Like a dog being let off his leash. Except instead of sniffing everything- I want to hear everything. Get a driving melody and stride. Music can do that truly music can make you smart. https://t.co/BOepcL6Zdh
More cowbell on "Don't Fear The Reaper" for sure. High school I brought a girl who passed out in her seat. Quaaludes maybe. I sure couldn't take my eyes off the lazor lights coming off the lead guitar. May have eaten shrooms picked from a Florida cow pasture (another HS pastime).
John, You may be a shy or sensitive person, but being a good listener will garner you true friends and better relationships. Sometimes I bear down and listen really hard to what my friend or lover is saying-  it's very much appreciated. Listening is the ultimate sign of respect. https://t.co/MFN2vdULYF
That is cool to brag about Monkey. My first concert was Blue Oyster Cult. The Cars opened. We felt so mature if not slightly confused. Shows how things were changing musically at that time. News: I recorded with the great Eliot Easton on latest recording. Jane's driving The Cars.
Such a different world Dave. There was a lot more importance placed on music. We as a race have advanced technologically; but our great advancements have made it easier to stuff away our feelings, and prolong real experience. Our music heroes taught us to be free, and fearless. https://t.co/m3Q7Q36s97
Rex, As you would expect- it came with a gurgling sound before expiring. Yes died a  humiliating- senseless death (pissed on). We felt terrible. The culprit (my anonymous band mate) had no idea the accident occurred. He even zipped his fly back up with Johnson still unswaddled.
There's one obvious reason they still bother Judge. It begins with the letter "M".. (Music- of course)?! We're an industry that's hurting. Most musicians could sit around crying all day; but we ran out of tears a while ago. How will we garner the love of music again? Stay tuned..
Joe the song wasn't ever released as a single (no push or money spent to get radio) ppl often comment they love the song. I do too. I love the fact I can hear from people what moves them, and put the material into our next show. Over the next 10 years, that's what I'm gonna do. https://t.co/1Q22gtuHaN
Porno For Pyros was the band barred from Pukkelpop. Poor timing. Meat and cheese flew out of a window landing on a fellow identifying himself as the owner of the festival. He came to tell us we owed him money for a broken (pee'd in) monitor. I asked him to give us 1 more chance? https://t.co/fYshRUPWRB
Aaron, Hang in there buddy; you the North have had a great love affair with Lollapalooza and great music for many years. We would love to return to you- bringing all our friends and allies that make up the exciting world of live performance. I assume you are still dancing hard?! https://t.co/jj8fJ9OsPK
I'm turned off by disingenuous songs. That are created for the purpose of making the mighty dollar. I've been known to have poor reaction to some pop. Stupid lyrics, or "sing to win" situations. Music is medicine, it's religious. My body heats and vibrates w/ melody all day long.
That was the year our tour raised money to free the ppl of Sudan being enslaved. I brought refugees back to America and they even spoke @Coachella, where we headlined. That was the Jubilee yr. 2,000- 2001. Jubilee's a special year for freedom, universal pardon and forgoing debt..
That there is as good as it gets. Man give me some more! Dave looks like he was having the time of his life playing that guitar- we are all and I mean all putting out and jumping in. Inspirational as A Methodist Church on Sunday (I am assuming they don't roll all over each other) https://t.co/5iKqJjqqmQ
Got barred from playing Pukkelpop again (nasty fights with deli trays. Messy bunch. The owner was livid. Not I- but we ruined one of his monitors. They do not work after being urinated on as we came to find out. Blind drunks find the kookiest places to relieve themselves yeah? https://t.co/BHKS3DO830
Bridgette, I see that I signed it to J9 (Janine) who was our tour manager at one point. Started out doing our wardrobe- and so you see I have written to her about beauty products. When on tour you get to order them along with fragrances, and underwear. Face products..yummy stuff. https://t.co/3UYH9NjnKR
Bridget, This was a poster for the tour. I can't read it- what year; does it say? https://t.co/3UYH9NjnKR
Bet I could put that night back together. I know who filmed that evening. Don't you want to just transport back there. When each night was a mystery; each day seemingly without consequence. How did we live without cell phones? We spoke face to face. Kept girls #s in little books. https://t.co/IIRJLC3FK0
What amazing footage I have not seen before. Happy we had a chance to live thru that experience. What a special time that was. Wish my toes were a little firmer on ground but that's ok. I just loved the air of the moment. How we dressed so expressively such individuals; together. https://t.co/maufq4sta8
Nice Paul, I think things are about to take a good turn. These open lines of communication today are really Devine. I am so enjoying reading comments, hearing news. Listening to smart people. The right and the left are beginning to work together. Think I feel something changing. https://t.co/Ife0FPVFYz
Oh there are stories to that 1st day. Thx R&amp;R. I'd never seen that before. "If it sucks, then it's kind of my fault?." I come off kinda young. Glad it all worked out though. Really looking forward to this next batch of Lollas. Have a hankering to hear new music. Need vacation. https://t.co/4bIAuC9qSN
Sorry I can't block him. I sort of need to hear his opinion. You can't be blind to the right; or to the left; or any side. I like to believe that we as a race will get to the promised land thru cooperation; and real communication. That's what we are doing here. Ok I'm amused... https://t.co/b68IKZYfwR
Little known fact this was the 2nd transgender music video ever. Look close n' see our LGBT performance artists playing to the camera. Even the hottie w a mustache carries a secret with his smile. What was the first LGBT video ever played? Been Caught Stealin' won the MTV Awards! https://t.co/95W0zrevZG
And taller. Truth is he was the best cow bellist  in the family. Maw always liked him best. https://t.co/Bf0ZKZzwqc
On second thought the plants are geniuses! That is prime/primal real estate. Every day they have a penthouse view of cascading water flow- throwing off rainbow refractions. The sounds so cool and soothing. Not in need of bathing suit... https://t.co/PiJfKYTMwj
Dear Scruffy, Some of my favorite artists- I did not like when I first heard. But then I began to want to hear them over and again- sort of like when one bites their nails. Not sure if it's good for you- yet securing. What struck me though was the personality; the authenticity. https://t.co/0QnNTB6n31
Coralie, My boys and I are beginning to share music. What they turn me onto reminds me of the 1980's w/ it's sense of freedom and openness. Their favs sing and rap about rather serious subjects- like wanting to - the milf next door; or the tree they just smoked. Same shit as us.. https://t.co/Y941V14HWS
Well then; let's shoot for 1,000 years of peace (when this gets all sorted out). I was thinking about meditating good thoughts for the next 15 years and turning myself into pure light; however if we are talking about peace; count me in to reincarnate; to raise up from the dead. https://t.co/qjpKxiY3Si
We must develop a sense of tolerance Smokey. Enduring idiots; an everyday exercise. Brave yourself for mental battle. Be happily relieved when you can relate. I assume that there is a spirit of good will out there; waiting to be shared. Make yourself valuable. Smiles will follow. https://t.co/iqWybVkP8x
Michael, I try to see the good in ppl. Everyone gets a chance to say hi.If they have not developed a sense of boundary I recede kindly. If I notice they are dangerous I move quickly. If they are lovely I stay a moment longer. If they are cool I shake their hand and wish them well https://t.co/x8d5QmhFfB
You seem like a very creative person Emily. How are those many babies? Arrive almost too fast to account for. With minds of their own- jutting around the house. The first pimples or smelly breath arrives and you feel like you've reared shaggy monsters. Fear not; they'll be fine. https://t.co/DfALB66R51
Thank you for defending me Michael- However I don't mind being lumped in with the liberals. Walt Disney was a liberal. He had a love of family, and nature. He was a creative and successful business man yet detested men who worshipped money. A man of balance who lived harmoniously https://t.co/WXL1zRkyXm
I'm with you Steletee, There is a call to arms for musicians, and artists. We must tap into the creative spirit that makes us powerful. Use our ability to gather the masses, speak truth in a groovy fashion. Have everyone diggin' the revolution. Give me a minute- I've got an idea. https://t.co/9e0oAAfeRe
Irene, Newly recorded album on the way. The lyrics are very topical,poetic and important . I'm finding myself anxious to express feelings. Especially when there are such important messages that need to be passed along today. First step is to create an open dialogue. Let's talk! https://t.co/qzIhcokltz
My role in life has always been to bring union to our world in celebratory fashion. Everyone was and still is Welcome in. Even you. I have rich friends poor friend's white and brown ones black and yellow. My mirror paints a pretty picture. My spirit is kind. Why are we sodivided? https://t.co/flGeXL6oAf
I still wonder how I fit in. Our generation was great. We ushered in Obama; I felt very good about us. We'd all grown to accept each other's peculiar isms. My children could grow up in a loving world... These days I keep my eyes peeled for hatred and division. Our works not done. https://t.co/YiUZCyBD4z
Whenever I look back- it's with a heart- finally considered of the danger. I can't believe most of the things I did- or the decisions I made. Dress?! What haphazards and health hazards were we? I wonder about the ppl who lived thru it with me; how they're fairing. That was fun!!? https://t.co/skyIufUo66
An adventurous bunch. We gave them places to sleep as they followed Jane's across the U.K. Very spirited community. Much like the jam band scene in USA, with a new hippy strain. I was always happy to see them- but worried as they were young woman- without proper accommodations. https://t.co/Cu0NeyX1py
On park bench a crusted being- sort of hot dog with a pastry shell around it. Still alive. Preserved by lite flakey crust. Someone with a cane taps/breaks the bell; and with dreadlocks grown down to their knees asks "is it still 1989?" Answer "No,do you need money for the train?" https://t.co/3JshM2m1BT
Alex performed slight of hand at Izzadore's Bar Mitzva. Had Tom looking for a card that was sitting on his shoulder. My card was folded up inside a wallet that was in his pocket. Dealing with magic. https://t.co/U8sTjS7bCP
Clyde as in Clyde Frazier of the NY Knicks? Didn't he wear Converse as well? I think everyone did back then. We talked about that. Wilt wore them. His feet must have gotten sore.. https://t.co/YqKE91ePEU
Ah- those boots..Wish he would have saved them. Wish they would appear somewhere... He was very large and energetic... and kind. https://t.co/3Z54fvSQFQ
Thank you Uncle Bubba. Wishing You Well.. https://t.co/4wfj5pALcp
Yes They caught our eye- morning of the Bar Mitzva. Was happy For Izzy. He looked fresh and seemed comfortable in them... https://t.co/GRlCezraKZ
Is it alright to talk about Bar Mitzva footwear? "Shoes" by Charlotte Olympia , Tyler The Creater Golf Le Fluer's by Converse, and Gucci Vintage Square Toe Rainbow UFO by Alessandro Michele. Mazel Tov Izzadore! You spoke and read to us in ancient Hebrew. Your warmth inspires us.
Add a commentuuôuuyyytrrttttt https://t.co/sBpPdn1fPp
You have figured out the way toward world peace Melissa. Dressing up our dogs and taking them for a walk in the United Nation's Dog Park. Nothing like the admiration of a neighbor's doggie sweater for sparking up a genuine and friendly dialogue. https://t.co/Ql4sILkRT1
Ryan, Please tell your friend to take care of himself. Slow his breathing and his heart rate down so his body can get proper restoration. Create an internal dialogue within himself and launch a comeback. I am sure he has many people pulling for him. I'm pulling for him too. https://t.co/4A7QFbworm
How old is your dad? Live music is subtle energy that can transform us to a higher state of mind. At it's best we gain an understanding of the universe. At it's worst we feel cheated. https://t.co/xkjpE9bwuA
Sue, Thx fer listnin', I know how you feel. I was miserable. I got hypertension. Etty too- was so blue. At last we got busy and made music. We felt better. The recording came out really beautiful and strong. We're excited to get the project into production. Now it's finally  time https://t.co/v3dF61GD4x
Steve, All my songs receive TLC. Yes the better songs rise to the top- but in this era of singles and failing record co's, much great music gets overlooked for more obvious sounds. Good music should play like a novel. Accessing you into another world- sparking one's imagination. https://t.co/EqIaMW6NB7
Thailand Although I've never been there; a trip to Thailand could finally happen this year. Please tell me about the music scene; and the scene in general?! https://t.co/ytknY9WWt4
What songs are you suggesting Matt? https://t.co/uvy3hpvXuZ
Ahh- I love that song. Pete's dad was a great man. He lost his bought with cancer finally some years ago; but we would pass the acoustic guitar around during the holidays. He sang and played beautiful Italian songs and serenades. We would sing Porno for Pyros. He was very proud.. https://t.co/Fm3Opwifu4
Not to misconstrue what I said about recording with Pete; the music I mentioned is for a brand spankin' new project. https://t.co/4a7zYbG83I
Heck yeah Matt, I was stretching and pulling my mind about songs to play live. I want to play a lot  of our recordings again. As fun for me as it'll be for you... https://t.co/uvy3hpvXuZ
That is a totally awesome thing to do for your baby. They will love you forever... https://t.co/yQHn68WvPl
Peter Di Stefano played guitar on a few new tracks. The recordings are due for release this new year. https://t.co/D6JcDPI6m6
I just found this great video done by someone whom I've never met- edited over the beautiful song Shekina from the album Song Yet To Be Sung. I thought you would enjoy it. https://t.co/cgJbCJlwxz
Good memory Dan, It was a cool song. I'm gonna track it down. Discovering music can be a gratifying past time. I try and imagine how the artist was living their life. Songs are in essence time capsules. https://t.co/ctJqADOoMN
Richard, We were on Sony. Sony went through a ruff patch in 2005 wiping out the entire staff who worked with us. I bought the record back from them. I sure did. Expect a rerelease of the recording  in the next year. Reservations on Milky Avenue to Celebrate..... https://t.co/LTGkdLSEbB
Set it up JT I'd love to attend. https://t.co/ZrB9k2Z7tN
Yes, a Jem from Jim most people have never heard. Listen to it today and smile... https://t.co/rDw8EO9cAq
Embrace the darkness... https://t.co/Qevt4SPS0V
I really wonder what Jim Morrison would say if he were alive and well today? One of America's greatest statesmen. https://t.co/BK73LwcDfx
There are many places to lay down- but none more gratifying, then on top of big brother. A brief moment to be relished.. https://t.co/tVVhSM0eeI
About to speak w/@jasonellisshow on Siriusxm. He was brandishing a weapon when we met- but seems like a good lad nun the less. Should be interesting chat.
Now. https://t.co/uXxOU7H48l
Live on #KLOS w/ @perryfarrell now. Listen in!
May have tried something like this on, and worn it on tour (I have pink boots unworn stolen from a video shoot). RT @DanBotterz:  @mammothbutcher A Birkenstock is an insult. Something like this would have been more appropriate.#FromWoodstockToBirkenstock https://t.co/xKrsjXmJg8
The lovely "Milky Avenue" was recorded with Flea playing bass. A beautiful place to move to- after a great life here on planet earth. "No one's in a hurry".. RT @DanBotterz: @perryfarrell @Dregan73Danny I love Milky Avenue, and Wish Upon a Dogstar is good
Even more amazing are their human head transplants.RT @turbyj: @perryfarrell Old news....tell them about hypersonic. Hypersonic flight is, and in the foreseeable future will be, the driver  of national security, and civilian transportation and space access https://t.co/tEUzSjjqNW
I still sing that song around the house RT @Dregan73Danny: “Awesome,Awesome” @perryfarrell Satellite Party  Give this absolute Gem of album a listen NOW released in 2007 still as fresh 10 years on https://t.co/skvdqJPE4W
You are right- the Palladium was where that wretched foot boat was cast at me. Imagine my disappointment...RT @mammothbutcher: @perryfarrell I was at all 3 of those shows in 91. First night didn’t go so well. Think it was a Birkenstock......
Keep on listening (to your heart). https://t.co/B4oMZZ0G07
I turned my hair metallic silver and then created the Ritual cover RT @mrmusichead: One of our favorite shots of @perryfarrell by Chris Cuffaro, 1990.   Shop @cuffarophoto's original photography at https://t.co/fjIwuGIOb2  #90s #perryfarrell #chriscuffaro https://t.co/XhXREkLa5q
For a good cause, Jane’s plays the Palladium. https://t.co/0a4gCrFA3m
That sounds enticing Andrew. Now I want to buy art... https://t.co/hYyV1za0Uq
Ever wonder what a cherub would look like if they grew to became a young woman? @EttyLauFarrell Thx @ciellypre https://t.co/JI3svjN5gi
What a good Sabbath! The rosiest bouquet sent by Jason and Soleil. We pass away the hours with vermillion petals flowers. https://t.co/IAnx55B048
I remember the people who climbed up on the MTV roaming camera and brought it down into the mosh pit. And it was very hot. https://t.co/7pBwifNqC2
Nice of you ask god to bless me. Let you know how it goes. 20 yrs ago today Jane's played Hammerstein Ballroom. Decadence next to godliness. https://t.co/7LmwtiDEXI
Don't be sad. Today is a pretty good day to pick yourself up and get back on track. I hope you get to hear Pets live in the future.. https://t.co/qSlxW0bjbc
This was the 80 yr. old buddy of Izzy's. I sent a pic to him as well to show his new lol friend... https://t.co/XvlnEgpr6o
Izzadore, This was the 80 yeas old tortoise who came to say hello to you. He would have played with you all day long if we had the time... https://t.co/fGkXgaD5gG
We celebrate birthdays in our house for weeks. Happy Bday to Izzadore (Oct.9). This was last night's cupcakes @ the campground sugar frenzy. https://t.co/Sxvhtx5oWI
The thing about dogs is; it doesn't matter to them what anyone else thinks; they'll forever love you and they're always happy to see you. https://t.co/EMFhZmithZ
A kiss under the harvest moon. Wonder what this leads to? Put the past behind you. Face to face with opportunity. https://t.co/zGb5GWa8Vf
Fill in a comment RT @Sammy88084084: @perryfarrell Where does dave look at 😅😅  😂😂😂 https://t.co/16vqWdGsi7
Yes coming soon RT @Swanybethyname: I rescued my Gift VHS from storageAny chance of a re-release in modern format/s? https://t.co/z2CRLhYKYu
Feel in' good RT @pleask87:  @michaeldourney @janesaddiction  my husbands Facebook status today "27 YEARS AGO TODAY" https://t.co/RN9YmsoSyp
The music bustles in Manchester RT @CatManDoo2:  3 years since I saw Janes in Manchester. come back! We've good ale and black pudding!!
Right place @ right time RT @RobRatbot3000:  @michaeldourney @janesaddiction Attended Jane's shows at "Scream" Park Plaza '87-'88.  memories
I remember the day. Wild RT @Johnwinters5150:  Your show in Atlanta in 11/90 with 24-7 Spyz opening up will forever be my favorite concert!
Help me, I am being scrutinized by my own children RT @gtrmn2211:  @Zoxitic makes them normal. If they worshiped you l would be worried!😜❤️
It was like bringing a beautiful dream to life RT @chriscantore: @perryfarrell I will NEVER forget this day. life changing. #eroticjesus
It's inevitable. We all- at some point (fall). @NLBrianC: @perryfarrell At the Gap. What a world! https://t.co/yhXJsYqrSR
Remember nights @ Boathouse RT @michaeldourney: 4/ Fond memories of seeing @janesaddiction at the now defunct Boathouse in Newport News, VA.
Better w/ age? RT @Don_Botterelli:  Obvious, Of Course, Class. Grl off anniversary album - never thought they'd be better than the album,wow
Would be the first to "Admit I" RT @jworth: To quote @perryfarrell: "Everybody is so full of shit."
They are not impressed by me RT @Zoxitic: @perryfarrell I'm guessing your kids don't have a full appreciation of how cool you are?
1 of "rock's" gifted writers RT @Turkish_77: Robert Hunter on favorite #GratefulDead covers.... @janesaddiction   https://t.co/vi0ZjUiNcG
Now you'll never forget RT @AverySchade: @MetroChicago @foo fighters  @janesaddiction Don't forget I got the setlist https://t.co/58or3w9sOE
"Life's not a sprint- it's a marathon" @EttyLauFarrell RT @Swanybethyname: what would you recommend to keep the party going all night long?
After their 1st Lolla these 2 pups quit fighting and actually fell asleep in each other's arms. Epic family moment. Try not to wake... https://t.co/cChgkCLeIk
My house favorite RT @JaideHawn: @Tritonal @djsnake @alunageorge @dirtyaudio @SlanderOfficial @G_Eazy 😆blink https://t.co/SEK4vCId9P
Silver tongued RT @InkedAngels: The amazing @perryfarrell gracing the audience with his melodic pipes! https://t.co/zPkwKyZizN
I dig it RT @brotherzee: "Jonah's Addiction" #MST3KLive #WatchOutForSnakes @jonahray @Hamptonyount @timryder   https://t.co/M34d9c2dEt
And a trouble maker like his dad RT @pol131313: @perryfarrell @93XRT Cute pup, Perry!
My best friend RT @93XRT: World, meet @perryfarrell's beautiful new pup Cloud Bowie Farrell! https://t.co/AcHOkG7q3a
Did it work out? RT @rexplex: Thanks @lollapalooza for Chance The Rapper pass! Can you help get my girlfriend In?! https://t.co/grESqBea7f
You sure did RT @JackRudzinski: I FUCKING CALLED IT @zedsdead @perryfarrell
(Big tents pitched @Lolla) People Have Sex at Lollapalooza Than Any Other Music Festival, New Survey Reveals - Maxim https://t.co/rZnY9kN483
Where am I goin' again? Oh yeah Lolla RT @Don_Botterelli: @DP3846 WI read some thinking "How do you remember all this drug/drunk stuff?"
Just downloaded a bunch of X songs to hear again RT @GkGgirl: @HipChicago @MetroChicago You're amazing  !1st time seeing Janes was in'86 w/X
I'm very forgetful, but I make up easily RT @DP3846:  with all your fantastic writings, will you ever grace us with a memoir written by you?
Like a pierced ear RT @HipChicago: #DanglingDancers at @MetroChicago a year ago  #JanesAddiction https://t.co/AS8RpfbCOw
Doesn't seem a break RT @HipChicago: #PerryFarrell taking a wine break at @MetroChicago a year ago #JanesAddiction https://t.co/cNojhaBetz
Seems content RT @HipChicago: #PerryFarrell takes a wine break at @MetroChicago 1 year ago  #JanesAddiction https://t.co/J72BP2bszL
Zed Is Dead. Buried @Lolla RT @PulseRadio: Perry says he enjoys vomiting out of nostrils."  https://t.co/OKVBI0mZe9 https://t.co/nVnZpzJvDF
My boat it's capsized RT @TheMadPrepper: The sea is a very easy place to disappear To drift away, to fall in love or make your peace...
Hero RT @BKM420: @tmswarner @blossom Saw you guys open for Iggy at that little Club , You all jammin a steel drum/22 https://t.co/1UsNTbkCHd
For a start RT @the_real_Twan: @SelectorDotNews I agree w/ distinction between House Music and EDM. What's missing is powerful tribal vibes
Can she enter man cave? RT @craig_marquis1: @ericavery @stephenperkins @DaveNavarro My Idols!! Reason my wife and I are together!!!!
Made it (to the man cave)RT @craig_marquis1: postrs have been in attic for 24+ years now  finallyup in my own garage https://t.co/eNhTVcUgFO
Will you be attending?RT @justvikki: @HornsToTheSky @tmswarner My bro-in-law @ProbCause is playing Lolla Aug 4. Check him out! He's awesome!
Good times RT @adamodellNYC:  @SelectorDotNews I went to first lolla in NJ.went to enit festival, which I enjoyed. Not much mention of enit
Big mountain Colorado Small island Fiji U make my Hard Life Easy RT @brianperkinstx:  @Bologna_Flaps @Spotify I always loved Hard Life Easy
I end each Lolla @ Perry's stage RT @SelectorDotNews: "I want to vomit [EDM] out of my nostrils." Lollapaloozaizms  https://t.co/IHUMUHhXbH
Rites of passage RT @HornsToTheSky:  @tmswarner Lolla 1of the most special days of my life.More than just a concert! https://t.co/sx7na63veC
Wish upon a Dog Star (Dog thx in advance) RT @Bologna_Flaps: @perryfarrell @brianperkinstx @Spotify Get your grove on new shiny shoes on
Share a story? RT @tmswarner: you mentioned Lollapalooza last week, had to bring out the scrapbook of 1st @Blossom. https://t.co/OJC6sRqgY4
They can't find it (I have it) RT @brianperkinstx:  I can stream JA and Porno For Pyros on @Spotify, not Satellite Party... any reason why?
Amazin'Bass RT @HornsToTheSky: 1 year ago today, @LivingColour &amp; @janesaddiction in Cleveland! @vurnt22 @DougWimbish https://t.co/M1m8NFky36
Just returned from Paris. Spent time w/music friends old and new. The patrons were darling! I will introduce a new travel game @LollaChicago https://t.co/ceno3s0wPK
Banana boat RT @ChrisMurphyCT: It is Bananas! In less than 48 hours we vote on reordering 1/5 of the U.S. economy. Who has read the bill?
Can he do the fandango? RT @zach_webb: Money does funny things to the lily-livered.    https://t.co/ofsaYIBwPv
We are Pixie family! RT @PIXIES: Merci Paris @lollapaloozafr https://t.co/hf0cQuda9d
Ok Van. is freezing RT @ReedRothchild08: Saw you in Vancouver before show going for a walk rather than saying how much u meant to me I froze
And a smoker and a midnight toker RT @JorgeZavala: @Sammy88084084  I thought: Perry would be an awesome Joker in an old school Batman film!
Nothing beats a satin jacket RT @Sammy88084084: @perryfarrell   love this one  😍😍😍😍 https://t.co/0p4tryBH1X
Davey Crocker, Daniel Boone RT @Jennings_74: @garethsmith2012 @NianticLabs @BarackObama Or Peretz who founded @lollapalooza in Grant Park
It's impatient RT @heathealedthnkU:  when Porno came out.i was kicked in the face.Perry your voice will always be ahead of its time.
Do the hustle RT @Sammy88084084: @perryfarrell Just saying... ❤❤ https://t.co/Wecv8d6NHX
"Oh how I try to keep you here" RT @JackRudzinski: Just a thought, @zedsdead brings @perryfarrell onstage at lolla to play blink
Well said Chief Joe RT @chief_joe500:  @ChristyBRLTWP Sad, everyday so many choose to die, famous or not we have to be aware.
Familia RT @RoizElvira:  @Alt Amazing,  Juana addiction,  intro? Señoras y señores nosotros... We loved to listen to that album, weekends,
Now that you mention it RT @usjacobs:  @Alt Remember all those plastic cups in the air when Siouxsie played? #Dallas That shit was Awesome !
Memories are like seats (adjustable) RT @Rand420Step:  @Alt Was there, has to be my favorite memory of all time!! #friends #together #love
Me too Thank you RT @anomymous_8: @Alt That experience opened my eyes and changed my life!!! 4ever grateful and thankful!!!
Try the islands RT @BobbyVelvet: @perryfarrell @Alt Was there !Saw JA for the first time live! Life ... https://t.co/Xi52sW6Myh
Then life (is precious) RT @mamacoop87:  @Alt Went to it in Clev the BEST show  ever remember thinking I'm going every year, then life
Life has an underbelly that is quite ticklish RT @AydinKnight: I'm 20 &amp; Porno For Pyros set has forever changed me.https://t.co/Hy9ZMAGU70
U really r Mother Mary Quite ContraryRT @MaryThesickness: @perryfarrell @riptor00 @Alt Glad daughters 1 concert experience was Lolla 2013 ;)
RTV were influential. Many of our patrons registered to vote.RT @SteveBarrLA: @paulmitche11 @Alt Did you come by the Rock The Vote table?
Machines melting RT @stilldistracted: @Alt I was there! Compton Terrace outdoor no shade in AZ desert. delirious from heat loved every min.
Yes but more to the point- you can never recreate- so get it right now RT @MaryThesickness: @riptor00 @Alt Recreating  Lolla 1 would be fun!
Awaiting for the gates to break again. @alt-classic: On this day in 1991, the first 'Lollapalooza' festival debuted https://t.co/wyzf4kvjOz
Our lives are but a brief run. We enter a race-each with a different finish line?@ChristyBRLTWP:  WTF. DEVASTATED... https://t.co/MHKM3oDGGM
Wouldn't want to be drunk and get the shaft RT @DobermanNation:  love to do a show here,in joshua former gold mine. https://t.co/nHnZwHksKc
A magic summer moment watching @ettylaufarrell standing up on a paddle board again in a state of zen. Her knee slowly/surely getting better. https://t.co/x8gTK46VFw
There were only 500 copies ever pressed to vinyl (and quite a few warped) RT @MyTwittah: how do we get Psi-Com on @Spotify? gothic lullabies
What band were u in Chris? RT @DrummerBoy1: First concert I payed for @22  thanks for being such an inspiration.  😎 https://t.co/MCpM0uCdsV
It was an honor to play Italy for the 1st time RT @DrummerBoy1:    https://t.co/jlYs2ZQdCN  Thank you for creating the best song ever!
@funnyordie
I like this photo of these men hard at work, hanging our map of  Hong Kong. Think I'm going to frame and hang this picture next.. https://t.co/U2fCTNCucj
U sound thirsty RT @Nikko_Virginiak: @Sammy88084084 @CharlieRose1982 @deia_fronchetti @AsliMuzik Please! Anything album single, anything !
Drink delicious music it's a fountain @Nikko_Virginiak: @Sammy88084084 @CharlieRose1982  @deia_fronchetti @AsliMuzik  We need new music.
Am so glad we made music together RT @mikegarson: Reunited with my dear friend @Tonuspomus and wonderful new friend. https://t.co/nXRB1InZ0H
Ball's triple double- that's all. Can't catch a free agent tho. RT @farrellperry: @perryfarrell What up Bro
Defy (gravity) RT @Sammy88084084:  @CharlieRose1982 @SimplyDave3 @deia_fronchetti @AsliMuzik https://t.co/RnbPcryFa9
We suspect Izzy may have been a dog in a past life. Loyal, best friend. He and Cloud are a team, falling asleep in his arms. Both content.. https://t.co/dHBJvZJbdv
House of Peretz welcomes it's newest member. A Blue Merle Sheltie named " Cloudio". Shelties are known to sing. We've already jammed. 🎶 https://t.co/ek3HPzzcNv
Dolphin seems to have a happy mood. That's good. Maybe dolphins have more love in their hearts than typical humans. For sure more tolerance. https://t.co/gHLdDAnVVE
Ewwe! Had no idea Thx for heads up. RT @NedleyJames: Perry. The daily mail is a cross between Fox News and the national enquirer over here.
Fishermen discover the world's first conjoined twin harbour porpoises - Daily Mail https://t.co/pqeHiISUoJ Swedish fish? Gummy Dolphin?
If lil' gal hadn't run in- I thought it was real RT @Fishcharger: Hey Peretz,I borrowed Ocean Size Hope you approve. https://t.co/vSKqmDq4Ol
Jim, I try to imagine what it would feel like to ride a giant wave, and man u did! RT @jimtrippe_com: @SurrainSelf  https://t.co/R9brBhBG5I
That looks like Heaven. I've got my eye on sailing a dbl pontoon catamaran RT @jimtrippe_com: @perryfarrell  https://t.co/IVfeDiGY8h
Is there really a sandbar from the slide? @SurrainSelf: Gonna Check Out The New Sand Bar 🏄 In Big Sur Above Ragid Point Landslide.Wanna Go?
Love the name! RT @CatManDoo2: Free music festival in my little English town. Taking my shop "the happy goth" on an outing to join the fun
Love frisbee.Have been throwing the disc with my boys down by the shore @sunset Rt @733f:  Learn how to play disc golf, Perry. It's bliss.
Any fun summer plans? A trip planned? Perhaps we'll cross paths. Seeing the world- experiencing other cultures is my favorite part  of life.
Gtrmn,That's exactly right! RT @gtrmn2211: if he can beat cheaters while they cheat it sets precedent. his forgiveness sets the anger free.
Human nature. Have been taking my boy to fencing. First 1 to touch the other wins. Every child cheats and declares victory. I'm getting mad! https://t.co/pRReNAWsTR
We have recorded a new song RT @jworth: @spielster I bet you could talk @wattfrompedro into it. That album stayed in my CD player forever.
Dear Ferro, a new music project is on the way w/ my musical family RT @ferro_man: Dear Peretz, when can we get a new Satellite Party album?
@salasalas c
Heaps of love coming to u! RT @spielster: Good God's Urge does not get enough love.  Let's get Porno for Pyros back together. It's summer!
We remember special moments. This was 1 RT @NovembersFire75:  #JanesAddiction #RitualDeLoHabitual @perryfarrell https://t.co/GEJfE5pk3r
Pants want to rock n roll RT @beest_samantha: body wants sex  heart wants love mind wants both    @SimplyDave3 https://t.co/f30s9d02SD
IceT and I bonded over this Sly Stone jam.We went on to do Lolla#1 together. RT @TeddyKGB: .@billmaher @FINALLEVEL   https://t.co/dBFffmMi2k
Early to turn on news. Relieved. This pic from Hollywood Bowl last week. Dear World, We want you to know that democracy is working in USA. https://t.co/I9hHQii7Ti
And I realized many things through you Mile High RT @MileHighFal:  Peretz  I've learned much about enlightenment through your music &amp; life.
FYI MHigh, my name isn't Simon, it's really Peretz RT @MileHighFal: @stephenmccall Simon, you and Bourdain should do a travel show together.
Can I get an Amen! RT @stephenmccall: @perryfarrell PFP bro - get weird again - it's time
Most ambitious project in construction bj RT @bjheinley: wondering if you're still doing sculpture and visual art? I can't find evidence.
Preoccupied- I will sing it again Don, cool RT @Don_Botterelli: @NovembersFire75 Trip Away such a cool song. How come you never played live?
Days of Innocence RT @PaulyDaVince:  was lead bouncer@ Scream and got #PBJsandwichbath by2chicks as you did Sympathy https://t.co/YYmq4m41Wj
Make that a good closer. RT @Jimmythewah: @perryfarrell @YoshikiOfficial "Hey Jude" is good opener!
Who's the best damn Dj in the world!!! (I am asking, who is?) RT @955KLOS: .@JonesysJukebox https://t.co/kzzrCZge4t https://t.co/Fcw38oyGH2
Anyone seen my rubber girdle? RT @NovembersFire75: The eponymous live album #JanesAddiction was released on May 15, https://t.co/kmOnW8G0Dz
Wish I still had that septum piercing RT @NovembersFire75: The live album by #JanesAddiction released on May 15,  https://t.co/kmOnW8G0Dz
Wish I still had that pukha shell necklace. A 70's surfer's treasure.RT @beest_samantha: @CharliePrimrose Look young https://t.co/7J3EadPFKw
A shining voice in music has left us in the midnight. He was a complex and gentle soul #ChrisCornell has flown into the black hole sun.
As "Arnold" looks on impressed, @ettylaufarrell works at returning to ballet" form hyper extension. The prettiest hurt knee I've ever seen. https://t.co/yAqAsxbdN7
Tears and pain to dance again. @EttyLauFarrell getting her hyper extension back as Arnold looks on.1 month post surgery to repair torn ACL. https://t.co/LtpIoZOvMJ
Piano's weigh 800 lbs. thanks to these men, and @yoshikiofficial, my home was filled with song. I offered to help movers they didn't respond https://t.co/Ymdi0AtMnF
No more Mr. Fraidy!? RT @MiamiSup: @facebook CFO @sherylsandberg, author @bradmeltzer, @perryfarrell @NMBHigh  https://t.co/Tnp86sk5cL @nbc6
Good buddies came over for music y "mitchiladas" yesterday. Today @ChrisChaneyBass and I head to @taylorhawkins studio to lay down rhythms. https://t.co/whs9sbuc8C
My father wore a mustache. It's finally happened. I am turning into him. https://t.co/ImKJVKFnPO
I learned how to extend my arms out like a happy plant. @ettylaufarrell walked without her crutches today! https://t.co/PzTNIEGE5W
Mantis: @ettylaufarrell is antsy after using the CPM and watching much crime tv. RT @beest_samantha: how are you and https://t.co/2bjgWfaF2K
Visit @Lollapaloozachile. They have an incredible Kidzapalooza. Gives you an insight into the Chilean spirit. Love of music, land, children. https://t.co/GQStSN0UyH
Our girl will be back on pointe in no time.(When this photo was taken,there was still nerve blocker in her system.) #1stsmile  #postopp https://t.co/D5fDnNWww8
People move like a deep river RT @BillboardArg: #LoQueElLollaNosDejó @LollapaloozaAr   #OnixLollaAr https://t.co/dnsEvRQXtk
W mustard n relish RT @denisboring: I used to think PF was  "the world is a fuckin hot dog" in song "standing in the shower thinkin"
They are becoming fixtures in our room- even though we are stirring thru the night. Using one of Mommy's sleep masks has become a habit. https://t.co/JU8sA7Kc83
Perry have loved reading your sports reports over the years RT @farrellperry: @perryfarrell @beest_samantha @EttyLauFarrell Let's hook up
They don't tell you how repairing a torn ACL hurts!RT @beest_samantha: Beautiful @EttyLauFarrell  with @perryfarrell https://t.co/RBLGoQV4pw
They've come a long way with physical rehab mechanics. Is it wrong that I'm still madly attracted to @ettylaufarrell on that contraption? https://t.co/6YLl2rqeKR
Our tuff cookie about to get up on the table to repair her torn ACL after a yr of dancing on 5 inch heals. Plz send @ettyfarrell best wishes https://t.co/KW72133Dwo
Sorry it was "Whores" who cast pearls (Need a TelePrompTer) RT @beest_samantha: @perryfarrell Happy birthday💋💋 https://t.co/d1A89MZBLp
Cast that pearl and it don't upset 'em. Take my chances if I get 'em (Pig's) RT @beest_samantha:  Happy birthday💋💋 https://t.co/d1A89MZBLp
You know how much I Luv U RT @lollapalooza: Happiest of Birthdays to our founder. WE LOVE YOU   Photo by Max Herman https://t.co/rKkLOXppMZ
Fav shade of lipstick RT @NovembersFire75: #HappyBirthday to Perry who was born on March 29, 1959. #ThisDayInMusic https://t.co/h98YvMcuAc
80's Perry wishing millennial Perry happy birthday, and a merry Lolla in South America. Brazil done, Argentina, and Chile here we come! https://t.co/LPAFPxyyzI
Hadn't picked up on the headline (till now) RT @aSkybar: 1991, they don't make em like this anymore @JasonCandee   https://t.co/PQh7kQN7Ax
B days spent @Lolla SA! RT @1059thex: I can only imagine some of his birthday parties! @perryfarrell 58 today https://t.co/CkR71efbB2
Greatconcert RT @IWMag: #MusicHistory @Prince @JanesAddiction @JeffBeckmusic @LedZeppelin @DavidBowiereal @PinkFloyd https://t.co/VbTAy1h5Cw
Obrigado! RT @CordobaRockAr: Feliz cumpleaños voz de Jane's Addiction/ Porno for Pyros y creador del @lollapaloozaar https://t.co/458is97kCn
Spot on tonight RT @Ivan_Vega: Escuchando @Metallica tremendo disco!! @lollapalooza @KirkHammett @RobertTrujillo  https://t.co/OfZ78UxbnJ
Looking forward to seeing Muse and Chance The Rapper (my son's favorite artist currently). @muse @lollapalooza
Who drew that Soy? Made me smile (showed Etty) RT @Lorenaiara: A @perryfarrell in Just Because @EttyLauFarrell https://t.co/5glGwcd4Tr
Chilling in Mexico for our 15th Wedding Anniversary (also Woman's Day). Thank's god. I'll make sure to preserve, and keep her heart well. https://t.co/MesUpG44Du
Announcing the world's most elegant, romantic festival- Lollapalooza Paris... https://t.co/o2wBelMvvN
We love Argentina. Thank you for the invitation. RT @patobush: @perryfarrell Please, come to Argentina with @janesaddiction next year!
Knocked me off my seat RT @beest_samantha: @perryfarrell @DaveNavarro  😘 https://t.co/Q2uS3B6W9s
Children friendly?RT @theironlydreams:  I made friends with   • https://t.co/eShaTn58wB  • https://t.co/FW7f8JXpIu  •https://t.co/BfyXVJ3ZQb
RT @theironlydreams: @WeirdOwlchemy yes Peretz Bernstein,usherer of the multidimensional between 0 A.D. Bethlehem &amp; modern day L.A.
I told the truth RT @MadrizELE: https://t.co/ZzSOX2cvhU  What were you thinking when you composed this song? It's so fucking great @Eire79
A thoughtful wife RT @Gianfilippo2411: @MrsPasticcino  thanks to my Wife...THE Present for my 40 years ❤️❤️ https://t.co/XbpJnzUpgc
Favorite time of the day RT @MadrizELE: https://t.co/C57vjjUFb0 @Eire79 @ADW61 @pacodomartelo @
He's around RT @theironlydreams: @WeirdOwlchemy not yet I'm waiting for Peretz Bernstein aka @perryfarrell
Think about how many monsters followed RT @NightTimePod: @true crime garage , do u dig "ted just admit it" Its about bundy,  right perry?
What is your point Ray? RT @Jesuspirit: the homeless people are not going to be the solution to the problem with cigarettes and alcohol..
Channel the spirit and "here comes the sun" is sweet and simple yet wise and loving pay attention RT @jimrosecircus1:  @DaveNavarro
I'd say they were some real live wires up there RT @FLNicoFLyGirl: Sometimes @YouTube  #ThoseWereTheDays #1987   https://t.co/2IeKUzBCMI
Just remembered yer brother kicking down Mike Watt's door? Where was that? RT @Taringa_MCFC: why no Lolla ... https://t.co/KBVikuKYHB
I'd say keep yer eyes on those two RT @beest_samantha: @perryfarrell @DaveNavarro ❤❤💋 https://t.co/ChE6vK7mj5
I'd say they look like they've enjoyed life thx g-d RT @beest_samantha: @DaveNavarro @perryfarrell Love you guys..❤❤ https://t.co/6iRywc28Ie
I wish I was swimming below the emerald sea right now RT @IamShopsy: I wish your twitter handle was @porpoisehead (it's available) lol
Seeing is believing tailor friend. RT @I_amGred: Going up in the world. @perryfarrell wore the burgundy dragon suit I believe
Family-Gotta love 'em RT @Jeff_Schorer: "No One's Leaving" - by @janesaddiction Ritual de lo Habitual https://t.co/bmISS0gJoL
like your present?RT @trekermeker: bday present to myself  https://t.co/HsOZjKDOm6!   #SterlingSpoon #JanesAddiction https://t.co/EpIwZPCALi
To be played with fresh air RT @Owens_MCMXCVIII: @perryfarrell nothing but positive afternoon vibes. https://t.co/AMtUAON8Nl
Still can't find 'em RT @oshanruiz: #PerryFarrell of #Jane's "Wheres the Keys?" 0_0 @perryfarrell @janesaddiction https://t.co/4w304mkG1x
Muy Importante. Ethical in business. RT @marahatwell: "stay focused, honest, decent, loving, caring… and daring." words to live by Perry
Being trapped is the worst RT @sherrisweets16:  @lincoln_photog A true song that I would hope to have if ever trapped on a remote island
It evaporated off of my body (true) RT @brianlimaphoto:  you still have this gold jump suit from @lollapalooza 2003? https://t.co/4xr3JlhL1k
Classic Girl (make out material) RT @lincoln_photog: I wooed my wife 10 yrs ago with a mixed tape ft some of your music.
Over 100 yrs RT @pawlak_mark: @perryfarrell I listened to #nothingshocking and #ritualdelohabitual on my way home. Good as when it came out!
Poem became Kettle Whistle RT @mcsandfilms: Finding punk flyers @the local record shop. @DeadKennedys  @perryfarrell https://t.co/TpM0UJbRY1
What'a find! RT @mcsandfilms: Love #LA. Finding punk flyers at the local record shop. @DeadKennedys &amp; @perryfarrell https://t.co/TpM0UJbRY1
With a Fudgsical in hand? RT @TangerineAle: @DaveNavarro Nothing better than trippin on shrooms and listening to Ritual. Thank you. So much.
But Chris needs 2b there 2. Agreed? RT @C00L0UT: @janesaddiction @RockAndRollHall @perryfarrell Never mind I can't hate on Juanas Addiccione
Agreed. RT @C00L0UT: @janesaddiction @RockAndRollHall Eric Avery needs to be involved, it's the 90's music that qualifies Janes to the Hall
We r friends RT @ShaynAlmeida: Amazing that such ignorance as this still exists... As my friend @perryfarrell sang long ago, "Idiots Rule"
Sounds dangerous RT @marcschlossman: Will listen to #PornoForPyros Pets all day on single song repeat. Lyrics r all we need #USElection2016
I wasn't aware you were? What color? RT @RockArtist1968: @perryfarrell @2hoursPinfield I am looking forward to painting you. ❤
Record store?  RT @311mfrs: I trembled as  record store dude placed this to my hands. Thank u SO much     1 of 5000 https://t.co/27yZyhM1Rc
Together RT @dizasher: @JasonCandee @aSkybar @BCandue14 Like JA 25th yr tours; Shocking+Ritual.'18=PFP+'21=GGU #HopeIsJustAnotherWord4Prayer
My best work. RT @YoorWullie: 2001 Janes Addiction's Perry freed 2300 Sudanese slaves with £s raised from concerts. https://t.co/PuGfoANGRY
Psychedelic; Thx.RT @YoorWullie: @BikesNBukes @perryfarrell 2nd half of ritual for me, the songwriting handbook was ripped up and binned.
'Bout right RT @Jyo_tirmaya: @2hoursPinfield obsessed with the way Jane's brought back real punk in the midst of commercial -haired bands.
A special troup we were RT @lincoln_photog: Tonight's photo editing soundtrack: https://t.co/p4SdN28iKH @perryfarrell never disappoints.
Perfect RT @amremorse: @nico_peruzzo @perryfarrell me too man. I grew up surfing Costa Rica. Lots of camping trips with good gods urge.
A sweet dream. I will sing it again in coming years. Promise. RT @nico_peruzzo: for 20 years, I've dream of listen to Kimberly Austin live.
Happy Birthday Camila! Darlin' ,Please help us all to save planet earth RT @csev_: Can I get a RT, My 21st birthday today! 😊 @perryfarrell
It was a straw hat that I reupholstered in velvet RT @Jyo_tirmaya: @2hoursPinfield You look so frakin' cool in this pic. Ah, a sombrero?
All great choices! RT @brianlimaphoto: @perryfarrell Occy, Slater, John John, Sunny Garcia, Steph Gilmore.  Chris Christenson surfboards.
No. We finally become one race. RT @jennnjennnm: will there be another race to come along and take over   #Pandora https://t.co/OTZHWsAYvu
Cuz yer always early n I'm always late RT @earlykc: @DRodman_91 how come I try to talk to you and you never respond ....by the way slater...
I'd love to see one! I'm sure a lot of us would. RT @DRodman_91: @perryfarrell I didn't know there was gonna be a movie, awesome!  #RIPAI
Look forward to an Andy Irons movie RT @DRodman_91: @perryfarrell who is your favorite pro surfer? what's your favorite brand of surfboards?
Saw Kelly n Strider on Hallwn RT @DRodman_91: @perryfarrell who is your favorite pro surfer? Also, what's your favorite brand of surfboards?
Cheers to @johnjohnFlorence RT @DRodman_91: @perryfarrell who is your favorite pro surfer? Also, what's your favorite brand of surfboards?
Surfers r like musicians- cool in my eyes RT @DRodman_91: who is your favorite pro surfer? Also, what's your favorite brand of surfboards?
I have faith in you RT @markneiger1:  U remember how I needed to get rt 4my bud's wedding(beingBest Man)n Im doing SOO MUCH BETTER
Oahu? I'll be surfing w\the Orcas in Dec.RT @StickmanH: @AudreyKitching pod of Orcas just went past. Bring family. https://t.co/9HvHRE4xzl
I made the hat myself. Guess what type of hat it was originally RT @2hoursPinfield: Guess tonight's #THROWBACKTRACK! https://t.co/I8Cwg4uOAs
Hopefully  for the better  RT @BrandonBond:  head dripped until got back to parking lot PensacolaCivicCenter. amazing night, never been same
Good observationRT @almurabit19: Politians r like sea waves. Follow them and you sink. Stand against them, you tire. https://t.co/GpJt6vCob0
There was great change; but in a way you know- I think these are the days! RT @fede01_8: I want to be a Gen Xer. 90s must have been awesome!
Encouraging bubbles RT @OutOfOrderShow: #OOO pays tribute to @janesaddiction W/ @TedStryker poppin' champagne! @kroq https://t.co/hr0QF52BaC
A goal: One day we meet under times of peace and happiness RT @almurabit19: I am Interested inhumanitarian issues, especially children's
Yes if we all start praying together now RT @MattPotts2: @perryfarrell then she did is the one for me. Any chance of a middle east show?
Take care of those concussions RT @BrandonBond: Congratz on RRHF. My 1st show was Janes &amp; @SuicidalTendancies Split my head open &amp; Was great
I always allude to the jam RT @MRBUNGLE666: @DaveNavarro How do you guys feel about the rock &amp; roll hall of fame?  Long over due. Great Band
Tell me what happens there? RT @chrislib444: @perryfarrell you should attend @MusicCon_
Which tracks jump out at you? Don't you love music! RT @Kissimobaby: @perryfarrell listening to Jane's on vinyl https://t.co/OAkdB4vNjY
Tonight's interpretation: To eat or not to be eaten RT @robertjarzen: 1 of my fav songs: #OfCourse @janesaddiction  what's the inspiration?
Knew a woman who's lover was in prison his name: Luckyloser 1% RT @Lawnordermobile: @evilive7 @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro that makes me 1%
Hello friend. What are you doing in Libya this great night? RT @almurabit19: @perryfarrell hi Perry. I am from libya,I like your songs.
Tragedy, love, and loss at an early age my friend RT @PaulMarsh3000: @perryfarrell @Jyo_tirmaya What inspired the energy from Mountain Song?
Nice package RT @clongstreet: A little Jane's on Vinyl! #Sterlingspoon @janesaddiction @perryfarrell @DaveNavarro https://t.co/9nULIWnGRV
Remembering members of my 1st band RT @Owens_MCMXCVIII: just added Psi Com radio on pandora. So glad, great work. https://t.co/4AJOVXnQ0x
Each was given the same attention RT @Jyo_tirmaya: @perryfarrell @PaulMarsh3000 all your songs are good. Just kick back and enjoy the show.
Pals! RT @SIRIUSXM: Jane's nominated for @rock_hall!  Hear PF tell @EddieTrunk of the news.  https://t.co/CWSdvaX1Sw https://t.co/h6HdNLTUk7
This is how one stays young. Singalong RT @EttyLauFarrell: Ring of fire. #klos #stevejones #SexPistols  https://t.co/BR7wn6ekiZ
Rage also played with us! RT @RP112264: @rhcpfrance @YouTube performance was 1 I saw at Lake Castaic, great day on the water, PFP at nite!
Plz Name a few songs you love 2 Lstn RT @PaulMarsh3000: Perry, PLEASE play in Nashville? I have always wanted to see Jane's Addiction play!
Etty and I have been listening to Nashville RT @PaulMarsh3000: Perry, PLEASE play in Nashville? I have always wanted to see Janes Addiction!
Runnin' into each other on Miami Beach @ 5 in the morning. RT @MRGOLDIE:  MR FARRELL ❤️❤️❤️that tour was life changing .. ⚡️⚡️⚡️
So you are! Well that's the best news I've had today.  RT @maceoparker: @perryfarrell @TranquilMammoth @JonesysJukebox yes I am!
RT @naganicol: WOW! #RockForGood with @foofighters @PaulStanleyLive ... https://t.co/uKFhhwCtOR
That is good advice friend RT @Zoxitic: @perryfarrell You should always attempt to write a song when you are either very happy or very sad.
I try to deliver it straight from the heart RT @Berniesblonde: When I saw you at the Anticlub in Psi Com I knew you were gonna make it big!
Need another track together! RT @TranquilMammoth: @JonesysJukebox wanted to let you guys know @maceoparker is alive and still performing! 🎷
Great to know!RT @TranquilMammoth: @JonesysJukebox Just wanted to let you guys know that @maceoparker is very ... https://t.co/MkuqWwKtqk
RT @955KLOS: .@PerryFarrell in-studio in ONE HOUR on @JonesysJukebox !!! Who's ready? https://t.co/aEXF1MKyHf Plz listen to my chat w Jonesy
Some cheer today as Jane's Addiction has been nominated to the Rock 'N Roll Hall Of Fame. My feet applauding loudly as I write this tweet! https://t.co/IYiLy1iF1W
Mark is on my list of "most valuable people to dine with". RT @pifflepockle: @perryfarrell @stumac59 Scary https://t.co/SJZqEJDTZz
Thank you Berlin for welcoming us back to your city. I met the most amazing people Here with the great Mark Reeder. https://t.co/lk6WhxTLlw
Happy your happy Roxy RT @R0xstar75: @perryfarrell @EttyLauFarrell You are already larger than life Perry! So happy to see you happy!
The cauldron at Olympic Stadium in  Berlin with my eternal flame,  @ettylaufarrell the zeitgeist throbs in this city https://t.co/ZNIUYEy7ZZ
Head high and glassy? RT @pablo_larzabal: @Juanchociganda perry, at our beaches here in Uruguay we have some good waves here to share .
@TEsoldsoul4rNr @mattvolpe
Uruguay I hear you are a delightful place. I would love to be some day RT @Juanchociganda: @perryfarrell hi Perry greetings from Uruguay
YesRT @mattvolpe: 15 years ago today on such a horrific day for the world, I shook hands with u at 23rd street &amp; lex. Hope u are well Perry.
The patrons moved at about 2 miles per hour like a smooth running river by my window. Running happily by. Happily by.
Just got back from Europe pal. Last 3 W. Coast shows r upon us RT @Dregan73Danny: @janesaddiction @perryfarrell Any Gigs planned for the UK?
Yes! I do. RT @Fishcharger: @perryfarrell You mean Guinea p-p-p-pigs right.
They (fam) are asking me for Guinea pigs. Don't like the sound? RT @vetter223: #ThrowbackThurs Porno For Pyros- pets #RushHour @perryfarrell
Always a pleasure RT @alyssa1985: show in buffalo BEST live performances I've ever seen. It was as if time stood still. Thanks for the 🎶
I wonder where the characters are time to time. Not all are still alive. RT @blue2085: @perryfarrell watching my fav late night flick@gift
A look into the future (with a smile). Best news in a while. https://t.co/8RtsNxDeEp
I'm visiting Paris soon where do u recommend?RT @Arethusa33:  You made the cover of a French magazine in August 2003 https://t.co/GGHAHUaUp1
Can you imagine!? RT @King829: I saw "The Gift" was coming on. I got so excited it wasn't @perryfarrell 's movie but some lame horror movie
Was having so much fun RT @nutts2020: Hadn't heard a note by @janesaddiction when I saw this, became a fan instantly https://t.co/rTWGfcDkIC
Of course because today is Awesome Farrell Day RT @boopityba: I was just talking to my friend Reg about how fucking awesome you are.
I made the hat with pipe cleaners RT @nutts2020: @altclassic @janesaddiction  @DaveNavarro It's on the wall! https://t.co/8tIzXC2d2P
The best pagan love songs eva RT @ManuelPains: @altclassic @janesaddiction @perryfarrell @DaveNavarro  this is Best Rock album ever.
Urmyfriend RT @natties_daddy: @perryfarrell Another Soulmate is awesome, but seems to only be available via YouTube...any chance u will play
Nice selection RT @Zimmerman_Ben: @goliad_vallco I really like the single: https://t.co/RDJlIyDiUs  @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction #earworm
Flowers a la Ralph'sRT @RhcpMaely: I'm  blown away I love this pic 😘🙃 @janesaddiction @stephenperkins @DaveNavarro https://t.co/FdKfLD6TsZ
The Chicago skyline as never seen before RT @voidware: @perryfarrell still thinking about the skyline that day https://t.co/raXNdM7aTr
Built in Detroit RT @YourDailyIggy: " The punk-soul of Fun House by @perryfarrell (MOJO mag. April ... https://t.co/uQPR2Hvkbg
Only 500 ever printed RT @Add11281Nau: @perryfarrell my husband just picked this up for me from a local record shop! https://t.co/CNHxuqCDcP
Just landed(Mex).LAX always brings on memories RT @RhcpMaely: @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins  Memories https://t.co/WiRE4hny0V
Agreed! We acquire new friends every 7 yrs.or so RT @gatsby71: One or 2 close ones are better than dozens of non supportive or jealous ones!
It happens over time; she tries RT @Joshjamestom:  She's got to want it -for some people being social is a difficult choice and hard work.
She makes the house of Peretz run smoothly RT @Jyo_tirmaya: @perryfarrell I'd rather have her as first lady than Melania or Bill Clinton!
Lawerence, It's in the works. RT @lawrenceleopaul: @perryfarrell any chance of a reunion show at Mountain View Ca? Lalapalooza style??
Your political debates fascinate me RT @mishimp: We've had to put up with a bad joke of a political scene for years in the UK. It's a farce
How does one react to a bad joke?..! Hmm? RT @TEsoldsoul4rNr: @perryfarrell @Kalamapalooza @ArtistRack_EDM @thebandGHOST #badjoke
But isn't there lot's of "Booing" at the show? T @Kalamapalooza: @perryfarrell @ArtistRack_EDM @thebandGHOST are at the top of their game.
He's a little man in a cats body RT @cabbagepatchh: @perryfarrell @TheSiouxzy my cats name is Maceo!
Who's @ the top of their game right now? RT @ArtistRack_EDM: get FEATURED on one of the BEST #EDM Sites - hit us up https://t.co/qat2OPo59Y
Luv the handiwork of Zed RT @EDMsBest: @perryfarrell is a #Hypocrite. He bashes #EDM yet did a song with @whoszed  https://t.co/w4D5Sk1aRI
Be good to Purry. Cats are well aware RT @TheSiouxzy: @perryfarrell Your thoughts on the name "Purry Feral" as a name for a female cat? 😺
Domestics can live 14 or so. RT @TheSiouxzy: @perryfarrell Your thoughts on the name "Purry Feral" as a name for a female cat? 😺
Ferralcats can only live 2 yrs. in wild RT @TheSiouxzy: @perryfarrell Your thoughts on the name "Purry Feral" as a name for a female cat? 😺
RT @cuffarophoto: #PhotoOfTheDay | 1990 SEE more at https://t.co/iQ3kwm0mRq &amp; https://t.co/syWyllNgEr #GreatestHits https://t.co/jqjiyzIHL4
Very kind brother RT @HornsToTheSky: @perryfarrell I would be honored if you read my post about the 25th anniversary https://t.co/K017PZv6Rq
Past article, but interesting.. RT @UC13: @perryfarrell @DaveNavarro  there you have it kids.....straight from PF.....good on ya perry &lt;3
Good seats RT @Orellray: @perryfarrell beautiful show in Chicago guys. I was not there. Watched the show from afar. https://t.co/it9L63ZDip
Explosive Artisans RT @pantiesofwisdom: @tmorello @DaveNavarro @perryfarrell  The Whole Mad Lot of Them! https://t.co/dHP46Pu4MG
30,000! (oh yeah..)RT @UC13: @DaveNavarro @perryfarrell  does anyone care to comment on this allegation from Jane?  https://t.co/wkryEyyGeW
That's how to climb 1RT @sblum_steve: @perryfarrell Love @harleydavidson using Mountain Song in new commercial! That's how you sell a bike!
Watching tv? RT @AmyBDouglas: I hear @perryfarrell echoing in my ears "everybody's so full of shit. Everybody everybody everybody everybody
An intimate viewpoint. Cool. RT @MaryThesickness: @janesaddiction @perryfarrell one week ago #SoClose #MissingYou https://t.co/6zu9jfkHn6
Under the same conditions today. RT @One_Man_BoyBand: I can smell the rain coming in from miles away @perryfarrell https://t.co/rGWPyVLqeC
Can't always dictate the weather. In bed today looking out at coastal storm. Kind of sexy. Will make the best of it. https://t.co/5yGEzW10S0
(It answers) "Sure, why not" RT @scott_mark: Hey perry I planted a tree @perryfarrell I call it perrajuana !!! https://t.co/HUlDALKZmC
That is a fret less vocal loop machine.RT @fede4488: @perryfarrell was that thing that you operate on the stage while you're performing?
Thank you dear friend for all your giving. Know that I would for you..RT @fede4488: @perryfarrell reply to Flea https://t.co/Ilvf14PLdz
Come on now (until we meet again) RT @drewduke: I've been coming to your Palooza's since you landed in town.. can't quite say good bye
Still skatin' RT @MaryThesickness:@TheliberalIdiot @richardanthonyz @salasalas Salvation Army to Maison Michel You've come a long way Perry
Well done! RT @wattfrompedro: my hero richard meltzer made it through open-heart surgery! https://t.co/zdlR4ZqKgt https://t.co/xNUlirpAg5
Salvation Army RT @TheliberalIdiot: @perryfarrell @richardanthonyz @salasalas why the mom jeans?  Perry you have such good taste!
Why the hose? RT @richardanthonyz: @perryfarrell @salasalas Perry in front of my house in Hollywood many years ago https://t.co/5Qp3x91oss
Immersive Variety Complex RT @ferro_man: Thank you for @lollapalooza excited for your new festival in 18 months orso https://t.co/911UD8cBEF
Love love those ideas RT @cornellianScott:  got much deadhead love, let's see more funk, jam, reggae acts in 2017 https://t.co/B5Z7jNYsRG
One more shot? RT @bridgetteaikens: thank you 25 years of @lollapalooza, @perryfarrell ! || shot for @speakersincode https://t.co/2P3VbYykiR
Thank you Russell (smile) RT @rcassar: @perryfarrell  Thanks for another great Lolla @lollapalooza https://t.co/IijTpdcPSQ
You have no idea (determination dose of patience) RT @Yellow_eyez: @ScottHerkes   How do I go about getting that job? That looks like fun!
Try Red Bull onlineRT @recklesscoder: @perryfarrell Hey Perry, is there any place to watch the Jane's Lolla set online? Looked, but no luck.
Thank you all for the rush!! RT @smartleydunn: Happy Anniversary @perryfarrell @janesaddiction and @lollapalooza https://t.co/ptrl3zy6u1
Fall in love? Close? RT @poview13: @perryfarrell worth the wait! @tmorello incredible-@xambassadors awesome. https://t.co/Pa1NDTQtaz
Did you make new friends? RT @speakersincode: .@perryfarrell at #lollapalooza  @bridget… https://t.co/nkSZwIoQmM https://t.co/KFEIF9Sd5x
Prefer Angels RT @SlyBiffdrop: @perryfarrell @NightTimePod Like witches and ghosts? https://t.co/VVhZBUFUWe
Fill us all in RT @richardanthonyz: @perryfarrell @salasalas Perry in front of my house in Hollywood many years ago https://t.co/5Qp3x91oss
U must be pretty. Girls can b very mean 2u some men dangerous animals  RT @NightTimePod: Cursedfemale gave me Nightmares as a 12 year old!
HAYTeacha (leave them kids alone) RT @ForceMajeure_: @junkiepoor Perry @EttyLauFarrell saved me from being robed in Chicago, six years ago.
Wait, I'm not done RT @salasalas:    Congrats for Lollapalooza. You've changed the way we experience live music. ✌ https://t.co/zG09UZhMLZ
1 of the best pet songs RT @NightTimePod: @ufologyresearch n @Mufon123 ,classic tune by @perryfarrell n @mintypeted  https://t.co/UCKWoiDRwc
You'll win RT @ScottHerkes: Arguably, one of the best live acts I've ever seen. @janesaddiction are just tops. https://t.co/27SY3jIt21
Third Uncle! RT @faronheit: I prefer to think of @janesaddiction performances as "Uncle Perry's story time. He loves chatting and ripping
Many more bottles from champagne heaven.What's your favorite?RT @LiveNationTV: We're taking over the @LiveNation https://t.co/XAt2moVlRs
Walkstalksstopsstartslooksandlooksagainkisseshugswalkstalksgoesnearstaysclearfinds a beer RT @mmwhites: What does @perryfarrell do at Lolla
You sound like you are afraid of disappointing your friend. Call him right now. RT @markneiger1: I am to be best man to my pal back in FL.
He's conjured up a great idea RT @tinybadass: .@THEKINGDMC w/ @janesaddiction shirt on @colbertlateshow last night: https://t.co/eqSL6ajoyC
I want to die there RT @Don_Botterelli: @perryfarrell Interesting album. I *love* Milky Ave
Who owns the rights? RT @jjkramer76: RT &amp; support our documentary on CREEM Magazine. Thx! https://t.co/S4PpzK2x75 https://t.co/AIrY0eZFPi
I can't... Did you watch Obama speak? I felt proud to be American RT @Kalamapalooza: @el_BichoReactor Go to bed brah!
Stay in touch please RT @jh063078: @EttyLauFarrell @janesaddiction You guys killed it in Indianapolis last night!! https://t.co/zAZRcmK0Gf
Hardly! I'm getting to and from the festival in 10 mins which is great cause I'm always late RT @j3s: @icntmx @MRGOLDIE that tour ruled
Hearing this song can assist you in breaking down barriers RT sonó ayer en @el_BichoReactor  https://t.co/uQrkFC4ImH https://t.co/jfZyHN17Sg
Perry Farrell's click bait catches record sock eyes RT l: The words right out of my mouth...Dance Music https://t.co/1cQAx2Tx9X
Nothing was left I dropped to my knees felt great RT @MASON33:  - Indy ...  Wow what a show!!!  FanJam thanks Perry! https://t.co/u6v51GOIy6
Thank You! Or deaf, or dumb  RT @Meghazine_:  I loved the article. It reminded me that not everyone is blind.
Fire it up! RT @jiffymackk: @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction Holy F**k! You guys rocked!!! https://t.co/PHni172smx
The words right out of my mouth...Dance Music https://t.co/1cQAx2Tx9X
Most songs are over 7 mins...RT @SonicDreamer: @CdCrumbstown Saw JA set in #London. #beauty, #intensity &amp; atmosphere no need 4 more #songs.
No more Charmin; for the lil ones. They can use Sham Wow forever. RT @Onthefly49:  @CdCrumbstown so go see ... https://t.co/2At615LWhD
Buy Sham Wow instead of Kleenex blow your nose 100 Xs more RT @CdCrumbstown: Headline your own concert and only play 13 songs is ridiculous.
1 of the most original artists of my lifetime RT - @djmarkfarina 25th An. @billboard https://t.co/sQ0eiqgM30 #NotEDM https://t.co/dr60D8Ykg2
Boston Globe PRESS! (objectify button)RT @Hot_96Kenya: Christopher Martin-Mama #NP #HOTSMS @Hot_96Kenya @DavidOyuke https://t.co/64FjwZyuLA
One bad chord, and it ruined my whole life(briefly)RT @DYWAT: @JohnMil63375312 @stephenperkins @DaveNavarro a glitch in your in-ear system?
JA (Do not miss) 8 scantily clad sexpots! RT @BostonGlobe: "Objectification at its worst,". https://t.co/VoHhZgH24o https://t.co/aKAik3vMFB
I had no monitors for the first 3 songs of our show. I sang thru the sadness RT @JohnMil63375312: @stephenperkins  @DaveNavarro We love you.
I don't eat steak before performance RT @Markel_Yarbro: @perryfarrell @nikcalculon   What if you had just eaten a steak?
Blink; a beautiful melody that my family loves singing RT @thornside_: @perryfarrell you produced great EDM with Zedd. Fuck the haters.
I love transformative music a la Guy Gerber RT @nikcalculon: "I hate EDM," he concluded. "I want to vomit it out of my nostrils."
You can certainly hate that which destroys what you love RT @alientomdotcom: @nikcalculon hate is a strong word especially for music.
Black Coffee from S. Africa produces great  music RT @nikcalculon: "I hate EDM," he concluded. "I want to vomit out of my nostrils."
Some edm is just bad pop RT @dancingastro: .@lollapalooza founder @perryfarrell ‘hates EDM’ https://t.co/QESuCMqo1J https://t.co/8tX5VEfmb4
Maceo Plex is a great musician RT @dancingastro: @perryfarrell ‘hates EDM’ https://t.co/QESuCMqo1J https://t.co/8tX5VEfmb4
I love great house a la Dixon RT @dancingastro: .@lollapalooza founder  ‘hates EDM’ https://t.co/QESuCMqo1J https://t.co/8tX5VEfmb4
I love authentic house a la Richie HawtinRT @nikcalculon: "I hate EDM," he concluded. "I want to vomit it out of my nostrils." @perryfarrell
I hate; pop music disguised as house. RT @nikcalculon: "I hate EDM," he concluded. "I want to vomit it out of my nostrils." @perryfarrell
I personally DO NOT have an Instagram account. For our family photo album, https://t.co/AFfTvU5k57
It was the first time that any of us had seen the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, the birthplace of America's free men https://t.co/pVwBJ28hAk
"Son, when your great grandparents saw Lady Liberty, she filled their heads up with hopes and dreams just like ours. https://t.co/ut1LKMp2W2
@TomMorello do we stand together on this? The next leader of the free world is brilliant compassionate, and female.. https://t.co/eQQGyhFpnl
Coney Island was the first place woman wore bathing suits to the shore. Imagine?! RT @MikeBeanX:  @janesaddiction  https://t.co/gB9IRMLQfn
I love this idea. One night RT @hubbalab32: @perryfarrell  loved it when you played with moe. at moe.down. Gotta sit in with phish someday!
I am still dreaming of the nights together RT @Juank_Scorpio: Hi Mr. @perryfarrell. So sorry . #LollapaloozaColombia https://t.co/bXaKAVjdWq
God please help I am weary, but loyal and of your service RT @TheNiceBot:  I have calculated that happiness is in store for you. #TheNiceBot
Those who really care come up to the front RT @robertjasonken1:huge fan, summer of 90! Beautiful memories.An overflow of emotions.Thank you.
Ignore the pain. You've got a heavy burden still to lift RT @DAMacQuin: Just pulled a muscle dancing to #JanesAddiction with my toddler.
We need to talk, ru busy for lunch tomorrow?RT @whereCHICAGO: This month's issue features @lollapalooza founder PF  https://t.co/yllitxaluJ
Thrift store pants I pleated myself RT @StickmanH:@tmorello Here's another handbill 4u Perry, from the olden days! https://t.co/Q6PUtWXJPf
Wonder if she's up for writing songs? RT @CNN: Compare Melania's w/ Michelle's 2008 speech: https://t.co/VJb4mYlSUm https://t.co/UGJcy9KaHN
RT @tmorello: REAL history folks: Historic first Lollapalooza 25 yrs ago today (lineup did not include Scott Baio). https://t.co/rmkchDzyMa
This guy convinced me; Donald Trump should ABsolutely be our next President! RT #RNCinCLE #ASJinCLE https://t.co/5eGzoeWmaT
The book states hand made pastas are an exemption. RT @DrakeW:  You're a rockstar you don't eat leftovers. Check the Rockstar Handbook.
Cold Italian food breakfast in NYC (going back to bed) RT @beckadiamond: 💜💜💜 @perryfarrell @janesaddiction https://t.co/4P0v9OJzye
One of the greats RT @barts2gone:  we share a deep love of the grateful dead-  what r ur thoughts on phish? They used to cover "Stealing"
Smile @ someone today RT @Brianne_Grace: not what I was going for but freakin perfect@DaveNavarro  #ConeyIsland #NYC https://t.co/pRwySsbcj2
You can't see it too well but this is a heart on the hill that spills down to the bottom. Wonder who it's for? https://t.co/kVuBnFl4Hs
Today feels like a perfect day and so I've started it out with a chocolate cookie with a creamed center. Thank you God.
He'd say why am I conversing with strangers and where did I get that great phone?RT @DerApologet: What would 1988 Perry think of 2016 Perry?
In every color, my favorite house for hats. #maisonmichel #paris https://t.co/LoP8eZy5nS
I do miss the way they felt head banging on stage but no my dearRT @Jyo_tirmaya: Your dreads looked so good in those days! Plans to regrow?!
@Orellray
She follows sun, we follow her to the ends of happiness.  RT My girl and I cut short holiday in Namibia to C U. x https://t.co/nyjFbMsTLM
Europe brings out the hat in me (a grey beret I believe)? RT @WestCoastBaller:  That would be stage fodder for jane's circa 90-91 in Europe
Hatters are the maddest 4 their hats RT @MaryThesickness: I always wait to see if you'll throw your hat at the end of a gig. Chicago?0 :)
First flight of the tour I lose 4 hats (imagine a big leather hat box TSA cannot seem to recover)  New hats in Paris https://t.co/mUD9faIo2e
Life can be grand RT @Orellray: 24 hrs flights. We cut short holiday in Namibia to c u in Milan. So glad. x https://t.co/nyjFbMsTLM
Recreation of Milieu activity in the Pigalle area of Paris 1920's. https://t.co/8AvOmKA4pa
Simulation of the street hustlers of St. Germaine district of Paris 1920's https://t.co/jg0hClP4uQ
Jane's does have the prettiest UFOs. They are drawn to us by the music, and have become very friendly. https://t.co/DWKAcpc5wA
Listening to the sounds of my post show fantasy. Would love a rousing applause upon my death. Too much to ask for? https://t.co/EAsYzQcrq6
Traveling gives one all sorts of ideas for home remodeling (sardines at midnight). Photo by Izzadore Bravo Farrell. https://t.co/e6PcyuoeQb
Thanks for the lift and the peanuts Iron Maiden. https://t.co/NHZHtdjJoo
Etty flirting with French men at the private airport heading to Donnington. https://t.co/pPlztnxDmO
Standing beneath the Eiffel Tower with Hezron feeling it's imposing  weight. https://t.co/6GCraPcJxo
Are you cool? RT @BronYrAur3: @perryfarrell Heard your funny story about the Led Zep show in Tampa. Found the show! https://t.co/lSsihGEbtG
For political reasons..RT @tinymediaempire: makes sense. https://t.co/zMYjrnblKS
I'll guess she had little sun freckles RT @JamHurst: loved the line "her nose is painted pepper sunlight". no idea what it means? Clues?
"That's a good thing" (I feel like singing). Here's an nspired version of Rebel Rebel at… https://t.co/yTTIlnmSxu https://t.co/xPJFHLf82f
That 25 year ride took up a good chunk of time. I'm still in the mood for love.Thank you for coming to Lolla's 25th (it's 4 Days this year).
25 years is a good chunk of time. still be into it and feeling"Bend without breaking". She is a better woman ... https://t.co/bAZpbPQNSD
Good luck leap year Irish romances today. Woman get to ask men to marry them. Go get 'em girls....
The greater the outdoors the grander the notions do become. Clearer and even more sensational is the dreaming https://t.co/7MY18YV1ek
The hottest 3 legged woman you'll ever see Is there such thing as a crutch fetish? Something is stirring in me... https://t.co/vWWAz7hIgj
She worked hard for that, she'll work hard again RT @j0eg0d: At the Fleetwood Mac Fest - LOVE YOU  https://t.co/VuRnX2fBk4 #FondaTheatre
It's my turn to help repair her RT @snakepliskin: @perryfarrell She repaired legs like a doctor.. on the kitchen chairs we sat on....
Great company RT @AMC_30: Please follow @Chicago_History  @TheSlyStallone @richardbranson @LoriGreiner @lollapalooza https://t.co/61Ig5OCidG
Thanks my bass playing buddy. RT @ChrisChaneyBass: I'm so sorry!! I hope your Aspen trip is still a fun adventure - give Etty my best
We are a team with an injured star. RT @Tw1tt3randWaste: @perryfarrell I hope for a speedy recovery. Maybe your boys can be her runners.
Crossed up going down the mountain. I watched in slow motion. She'll require surgery.We have all the love she needs. https://t.co/2KDlTb2J2h
Yes I stay away from the genetically modified kind. In other words- I enjoy the good stuff. RT @RTHinkley: @perryfarrell do you drink wine?
The expression "garage wines" comes from makers like La Mondotte "96 who made small batches away from the estate. https://t.co/sSwJfG8D53
A hightlight for @Ettylaufarrell and I was sharing a few songs with Bijou Phillips. She is genuine and charming. https://t.co/AHuLfnG82Y
We are one of the lucky couples. We stick together. Life feels better and better. The only drag is that it ends. https://t.co/FSy9eM2uLn
Fireworks are cool- but what's really cool is boarding with my boys. https://t.co/1omDfF2qKs
More people love the mountains than you'd expect. I want to get right back up there. I'd leave tomorrow if I could. https://t.co/9DwX2eepi8
That was someplace high in the Rockies as we took off heading for home. RT @Tw1tt3randWaste: @perryfarrell Perry where is that?
I wanted to stay https://t.co/6QngqXeaQs
@nypost
Don't be afraid  to take a long shot. If you practice a lot that shot looks shorter n shorter https://t.co/06nF3viGHX
The Orb is back. Let's get it to eat on the slopes like yesterday. https://t.co/G14Y85Wprj
W 50 Cent (real trippy) #RT @manic1hispanic: @DJ3one3 you in Satellite Party having a spot in the opening credits for football was trippy.
Back to you Thomas RT @ThomasRichmond: Merry Christmas Perry 🎄
Another 1 behind us RT @Kane_Evans_97: Couldn't think of a better way to spend Boxing night @janesaddiction  cheers! https://t.co/BUyvvJxyEF
Will check it out thx RT @DJ3one3: Crazy hearing Chip Away in the opening sequence of Criminal Minds tonight! Wife n I couldn't stop smilin'
When all said and done, you know in your heart how you were loved, to the teaspoon (how much sugar did u pour out)? https://t.co/p9aAZ55I3E
I am proud that I used to work in kitchens. Now I go back &amp; buy shots &amp; 6 packs for the chef &amp; his  kitchen staff. https://t.co/ELgaR8n7Bv
Must write a new song today RT @FromTheCrowd61: #PerryFarrell of #JanesAddiction #KCSportingPark 8-19-#BuzzBeachBall https://t.co/8XUiBBs73Z
Fighting 4 the rite 2 b free (USA)! RT @Owens_MCMXCVIII: #Raven wearing a @janesaddiction shirt on nitro from '97.  https://t.co/h8HQ4lJ8P6
True RT @atasteofdawn: I was so excited to #interview @perryfarrell the man is a badass I https://t.co/T4EWJEQGxd https://t.co/Izyeg0SfYH
The most difficult part of living is departing. Having to leave someone, or someplace you love behind... https://t.co/mIaKesYFM5
Scott Weiland wrote n sang songs about a life unrestrained. I'm sure he'd love it if you would listen to one right now. #RIP #ScottWeiland
I love the oohs and ahas from that song. Listen in.. Wish we were playing now @tommylipnick: https://t.co/WkLGos9pRh https://t.co/gBDzqH8VBz
Ru still making sweet music? RT @ShaynAlmeida: @perryfarrell Hey buddy, long time, can you hit me up when you get a chance?
Someone's feeling mortal RT @Jilly_Vanilly71: 4 Days?? @perryfarrell is tryna kill all of us who attended the 1990s Lolla #ThoseWereTheDays
C'mon It'll be fun (wake up)? RT @Jilly_Vanilly71: 4 Days?? perry is tryn 2 kill all of us who attended the 1990s Lolla #ThoseWereTheDays
I'm not the only one up in the house. My son may be delirious though; he asked if we could move to Hawaii. Ask mom.. https://t.co/JHZpUJHhRi
This is what you might look like on your first ride on a golf cart though the airport. Excuse us! (S. Korea). https://t.co/sT6oGofOUR
I have been relying on her to get me there since the beginning. I still am (now in style). RT @RSchear: @perryfarrell how she drive?
There are pink flamingos in the heart of Hong Kong. I feel a little like them when I walk round w/ Etty and our boys https://t.co/1PoCKO7UYp
@Paddyslad1
@thebigtime001
There's a warm sound 2 your whirl talk to me Machine Girl makin' love outta chitter chat purr like a happy house cat https://t.co/azNrgclFt5
https://t.co/d7a99v6o6y
My greatest aspiration is making my wife happy. To never disappoint her. RT @SouthernCBelle:  Perry @ettylaufarrell Gorgeous couple
I haven't opened it yet but I already know it's good &amp; Loud, because it is a gift from @sonos. #lightandloud https://t.co/d75FgJBekP
The set was struck because of wind factor. See us again RT @Ciakovx: @DaveNavarro awesome in Austin Saturday. That show was transcendential.
TY we're very proud of the work. Captured LA in the 90s RT @turnscold: @perryfarrell @justkam yes please, good god's urge is a perfect album
I am attempting to bring it to LA by September RT @JenniLynne2: @perryfarrell when do we get to see Ritual in LA? 😍 https://t.co/WdtgdrHUzM
I promise  I will one day Adrianne. I loved singing it back in 05 RT @AER_7: @perryfarrell I need to see you sing this song live. I'd cry ❤️
Peter and I are writing again.  We are happy to be making music together. RT @justkam: @perryfarrell how about some more Porno for Pyros?
I'm going to put it on right now. I love it too RT @AndrewHaine: @perryfarrell @rockunion8 @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins Best track on Strays
I can feel the roar.  RT @RocknrollaStyle: "Stop!" It's @janesaddiction! @DaveNavarro @perryfarrell https://t.co/cqGVvq2391
Sound check. Never saw this! W SM Tate RT @rhcpfrance: Porno For Pyros Debut performance 1992 with @perryfarrell https://t.co/VlG2TvcNur
I'd love to sing that song again RT @rockunion8: 🎨🎸🎶🔄💛 so beautful!! @DaveNavarro @perryfarrell @stephenperkins https://t.co/DgLYpThBnF
Playing with light is what makes life de-lightful. Tintype pictures made into direct positives that never fade https://t.co/DTRM8Txutj
We're in the healing business RT @RedMDND: Thanks for a great show last night.Your work has been a huge part of the sound track of my life!
My family RT @bloodofsun: , your talk to @RollingStone about "No One's Leaving" led me to tears.
Fun music ride RT @TEsoldsoul4rNr: https://t.co/zf6grnVcuw For a second I did...but, I'm better now. @perryfarrell #didyouforget?
Was that yesterday?RT @midtnmusicman: I saw you in May 2012 at the beautiful @TNTheatre in Knoxville, TN. Front row. https://t.co/dDMB0Ckdcl
Yer icon is remarkable. Did you make it yourself or is it an old family photo ? RT @JCom67: Will Janes do a Ritual tour thru NY?
We watched you in our home RT @SeanAltman: I confessed to @EW that my @CarmenSandiego theme song was Jane'sey https://t.co/it1MLuN56e
A sparkling of an idea cville  RT @cvillefox: any chance you might bring that tour to Ireland? (a Jewish lad with a good Irish name.)
Ok more shows it is (a show beautiful as this  should be seen)! RT @midtnmusicman: @perryfarrell @TEsoldsoul4rNr How about a lot more shows?
Cousins RT @chris23: @perryfarrell That was a great show at The Warfield - Jerry's house!. Thanks for bringing the L.A. hoodoo to S.F.!!
Love the idea (VA in my readings) RT @Onthefly49: you heading back around the Richmond, Va way? Go to the vineyards and do some fly fishing?
No- perhaps a few more shows RT @TEsoldsoul4rNr: Hmmm...looks like we will be seeing a #janesaddiction RITUAL tour. Nice! @perryfarrell
Start talking RT @fullmoon0303: @perryfarrell Damm man. I need that Ritual show in Chicago. Let's talk about it.  2 Cure shows in June.
Ur in luck Vegas RT @DJ3one3:  the Warfield! Wish I was there last night. Hope you're coming back to Vegas. Got a bottle of Margaux for you!
Right you r Mark Riley. Ya must really love Jerry. This comes from a good source (Stephen Perkins) RT @mriley485: @perryfarrell Warfield, SF
From what I was told last night, this was Jerry's favorite place to play. Do you know where I am at? (Win a retweet) https://t.co/wfHLGHt6uU
I hear that we are playing Jerry's favorite place tonight (where am I)? https://t.co/a0C6wm3Sk1
Here We Go RT @MASON33: PF, @EttyLauFarrell  -  countdown !!  Looking forward to seeing you guys! https://t.co/7WC5vN4tg7
RT @jaymohr37: - @perryfarrell on Mohr Stories "I want 2do a show in Dodger Stadium wJane's Addiction 1side Guns and Roses on the other" WOW
Fresh as strawberry RT @banditFFX: Now playing: Porno for Pyros - 1993 @perryfarrell  #Vinyl #90s #CursedFemale https://t.co/s8GkDoED6q
Wishing hoping Hoping praying RT @Bandit72: Wil JA be coming to the UK for the Ritual Tour? I'll bring a you nice bottle of red...
I got Marty McFly on a hoverboard! In my backyard. He's ripping. https://t.co/uT0l0QrzG1
Music is good medicine RT @johnwardbrocato: @perryfarrell I played "City Song" at an acoustic gig last night. Thank you for writing it.
Who is the star of the series? RT @blairs1:  did you catch "the player" that featured mountain song? not sure how I feel on the show.
Thank UWe performed last night @ El Capitan Campground RT @DOCWASH: NP Tahitian Moon by @perryfarrell and Porno for Pyros on @kkfi901fm 90.1
He hasn't rode his bike with me for 1 minute. Hasn't said hello to his mom all day. "Your mom wants a kiss Izzadore". http://t.co/TWnomAA25z
Glamping 2/w girls much more in play. Have not had one chance to fly quadracopter or throw football. Forgot about me? http://t.co/3SRxg5yupu
Good 2 wake up-n' take a look around RT @jennyXwho:  watching the Gift—have to say we've both come along way
Me 2 RT @geedropsthemic:  (dude man...seen you around in my town...just stumbled across your twitter handle...glad you're still alive man!
It's braggin' when you can say "I saw some deer today". "I saw some deer today". http://t.co/Vq1NrppWN6
Will be there Luiz RT @LuizGuiilherme: @perryfarrell are u coming to see Eminem in Brazil?
Good eye RT @Paddyslad1: @perryfarrell Hosoi.
In concert! RT @TheRealBruiser:  RT @neiltyson: Not that anybody asked, but the Irresistible Force beats the Immovable Object — every time.
The boys getting back together in less than 5 minutes. Some may be known to you, but in Dogtown they are all famous. http://t.co/vMgEtnw2wf
Doing the lords work is difficult. Jah still loves me. Remembers the covenant he made with Abraham. Protect the ark! http://t.co/olZgeMsMJJ
@ieroxfrnk @lollapaloozaar
@stephenasmith Another embarrassing football moment for Saban. The gods like to befuddle him on national tv. Bring him down to size...
Watching Alabama game just now. Very odd? What's up with them? RT @citizen_crane: Hey, Do you follow college football? Have a favorite team?
We are 2 shooting stars! RT @LAwomanPhoto: #hvampslive hollywoodvampires #johnnydepp #theroxy  #sunsetstrip @ The… https://t.co/NT0UBBPA5e
From the Wilton house where we lived. I grew the sunflowers myself! RT @rockunion8: I love this pic! @perryfarrell http://t.co/kf9fVLMSJ2
Thank you @RealAliceCooper for having us (Joe, Zak, PerryEtty, n Tom) on stage HollywoodVampires at The Roxy. Great rock faces this night!
She was scared about being left aloneRT @oneillb1: .Was it REALLY your dog barking in the intro to "been caught stealing ?#50GreatestAnimals
Bruma, I will create one this week. What do you like about Instagram? RT @BrunaCappellato: You do not have an instagram? @perryfarrell
One of the best shows out there You agree?RT @LuizGuiilherme: @perryfarrell is Eminem one of your favorites?
Oh I would love to and bring my quiver RT @BoozeJedi: @lollapalooza can you bring the show to Oz? Crying out for a decent music festival SOS
Where to next? RT @rockunion8: Just adorable! ;o) @DaveNavarro @perryfarrell http://t.co/juJ3zr8rjA
See- all we got along RT @3rdegreeLtd: Just got put on to this epic ness @FINALLEVEL #ICE-T  #dontcallmeniggerwhitey https://t.co/XPBCOYU48k
A bit dusty Wayne, but with a good vantage point RT @waynekramer:  My brother, you are positively hilarious in that contraption. w.
A great dress 4 a great occasion RT  A great Lolla Berlin.  Pics at http://t.co/MH5hLO5Twe. #lollapalooza. http://t.co/nrepqqBHq4
How was the after show? We must go together next year RT @boysnoize: thank you @lollapalooza Berlin was amazing !! s/o to @perryfarrell
Most often I viewed bands from side stage. For a short time I viewed them from this custom sofa- that could lift 1up. http://t.co/u7b4HI6SF9
Sam Smith is looking very fit theses days. He carried a confident smile around- all the way to the final note. http://t.co/AtbPua3aZp
We got the same feelings. You know what I mean. http://t.co/qWbt13pfD9
#Berlin #tempalhof, one of the 1st commercial airport in the world, still flying high.@lollapaloozade #inauguralyear http://t.co/xUiDSJ4u5Z
We just landed in Berlin. Going to sound check in a few minutes after having hotdog under tomato sauce and fries. Deceptively delicious.
Just realized should have painted the tambo as well RT @robertd3: @CuffaroHits  @exposuremagz cover w/ December 1989! http://t.co/Zdz1iDiBvz
A fountain of memories RT @robertd3: Hey @CuffaroHits here's your classic @exposuremagz cover from December 1989! http://t.co/Zdz1iDiBvz
The only color I hadn't yet dyed my hair was silver. RT @CuffaroHits: This PF shot is from a 1990 @ExposureMagUS http://t.co/NSjQNs6xAe
Let me hear you Columbia! R U Excited?! RT @Natush_Braun: DEAREST P. thanks for bringing @lollapalooza to Colombia! Amazing artists! Love!
Genil'men, staa't ur engines! RT @MASON33: @perryfarrell @EttyLauFarrell ,  Angel on your shoulder ! http://t.co/a0t8fvAIXz
How time ubers RT @tmorello: Five years ago today @bootsriley &amp; I unleashed  The Ghetto Blaster EP. The… https://t.co/TeeZnKHDoF
Win win 2 of my favorite people! RT @ArenaCampovolo: #EddieVedder,  @MikeMcCreadyPJ. #BringLollapaloozaToCampovolo 😎 http://t.co/LxzYfkXY31
It happened at 11ish RT @VeeeKaaay: @perryfarrell You horny toad, you. ;)
Look what happened to me last night. http://t.co/V2jz05M7AU
Happy Sabbath. Today we consider where we are; our current state- as the result of (on the heels of) all our actions http://t.co/tdXo25AcWV
Melody Maker still exist? Not enough Melody Makers I suppose RT @DaveSwainy: @jezza1970 @janesaddiction @perryfarrell http://t.co/gHrnrQys5i
Do you want to be a big fish in a small pond? Looks like fun. http://t.co/dtKcLk8TLI
Just thought of Martyne (jinx) Bret Bret Bret (no) RT @bretlifeblog: @perryfarrell: with @martynlenoble on bass?
I just luv u icon RT @JCom67: @perryfarrell @waterman Black Girlfriend  FTW!
Good 'ol Agua RT @BrendenOHanlon: @perryfarrell @waterman Agua!
He needs his mind first and foremost (porno 4 Pyros) RT @blairs1: @perryfarrell foreshadowing a future tour? my brother would lose his mind.
Porno For Pyros to perform "Pets" @WATERMAN’S BALL | SIMA http://t.co/fcgRDkoF54
Was it that bad?! (I'll bet) RT @ingridkeir: To quote #perryfarrell:  Forget the rule!  Oh - idiots rule!   #Republicandebate #idiots
3 1/2 yrs. to produce RT @markispace: @CitySoundDJ I don't know...but that album is one of my favourites! A song yet to be sung...love it!!
Perhaps, I hear the new pope is pretty cool. True? RT @jkowal24:  @ArenaCampovolo @lollapalooza maybe u can have it at the Vatican City ?
3 1\2 yrs. to write RT @markispace: @CitySoundDJ I don't know...but that album is one of my favourites! A song yet to be sung...love it!!
My brain would have exploded RT @HornsToTheSky: @sstrack9292 So many great memories. wonder if perry realizes the impact it had on culture?
My brain would have exploded RT @HornsToTheSky: @sstrack9292 So many great memories I wonder if perry realizes the impact it had on culture?
Love that poster! I made it RT @ASINCLAIR13: @perryfarrell Very first Lolla ever. Hit up San Diego and LA too. http://t.co/2cPJi5PfEm
My body was in he California dessert- my heart in Israel RT @CitySoundDJ: @perryfarrell where was this picture shot? http://t.co/vwh94L6klH
Looks nice!? RT @ArenaCampovolo:  After Lolla Berlin we want @lollapalooza in Italy too! Do u like this place? http://t.co/5S0UCobhRc
Worth a cup a coffee RT @StickmanH: @perryfarrell JA &amp; Body Count doing Don't Call Me...on YTub is the ... http://t.co/dPqTvCAssO
That never happened (rocked and set on fire) RT @SrAmphibian: @perryfarrell Was this before or after your fans tipped over your tour bus?
Cruzin' 4 a bruzin' RT @RadioMeeks: @perryfarrell I once loaded every Smiths song in a biker bar... Didn't go so well http://t.co/Y8upjgJnuS
Not as far fetched as it seems. RT @jaimerockstar: When is that @Casablancas_J &amp; @perryfarrell duet happening?
Seems like a dream RT @HornsToTheSky: 24 yrs ago, amazing day thanks to @perryfarrell  @henryrollins @LivingColour, http://t.co/huIvNQSwB2
#1Jesus Christ pose, I like #2 RT @CuffaroHits: Which image of @PerryFarrell is your favorite? http://t.co/dyQAgVGSbx http://t.co/KYFNPXlUHQ
Jukeboxes were such great ideas. Everyone got involved RT when I'm at the bar and I can control jukebox from phone http://t.co/6c2KY7wmdr
No it's not the latest villains in the next "21 Jump Street", it's Dave and I in our 20's. "My name is Jeff..." http://t.co/OHX9kYT1Bt
A boy I know who loves to hang in hammocks (but usually ends up hurting himself and scraping his knee (true). http://t.co/RJG0UGyOSj
A pretty girl I know who wrapped up in 'da city (Lolla Chicago) 'n went back down to 'da sea (Oahu) Happy ever after http://t.co/1zqBOccJCQ
It takes a thousand tears to generate one smile. Glad you were there to see it beaming @AlmaZarate http://t.co/SCxE9hPAXV
Luv touring them parts RT @blingmoto: Thank you for epic shows in Portland and Seattle. Still my fave band  http://t.co/yhDW776u8e
What feral creatures RT @keepingitkaro: @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction #killed it in Fairbanks Crazy Great show http://t.co/tE2OiBy89b
@Frank_9zero7 @Moosestooth @DaveNavarro
Down the barrel RT @DeanVanSun: Jane's killed it @ #pembyfest. Best festival show so far. @RadioVortex @stuartderdeyn http://t.co/wKprjj7su3
In a hipster lumberjack sort of way RT @stuartderdeyn: Pemberton sounds like a brand of button-down shirt @janesaddiction @Pemberton_Fest
Girl on girl action (just another show) RT @southpodninja: Goddamn phone. Got last night Perry's stunning wife http://t.co/nQDplENs0Z
I remember all the fun ! RT @shiawase311: Ozzfest 2015 Japan. I'm huge your fan since 1993 Porno for Pyros live in Japan.
HEAVY! RT @shiawase311: I never think I watch Jane's live in Japan. I'm excited Ossfest 2015 Japan
Hey this place may be more suited to us than we thought. Fairbanks,Alaska at 12:30 in the evening and it's still lit. http://t.co/l7iEfTl3e0
Hats are making a comeback. Even my boys went with us to the haberdasher. Like relationships- quality over quantity. http://t.co/Q7EczxGJJk
"I just can't seem to wake- I don't know what's up"? "Please come downstairs, Laura's here 'n she has amazing shoes." http://t.co/wWyDTiUF8b
Hey quit jumpin' the fences and WIN tickets in to LOLLAPALOOZA. go to http://t.co/LYgBk5f8wZ for the inside scoop  http://t.co/qsLyq1KYmt
I may be a rascal to some, but I have some great friends. @RPMItalianChi was on RJ. So @lollapalooza will be on me. http://t.co/jufwbULJi2
We fell in love with our summer vacation rental. Etty came up with an interesting idea. Don't buy a home, buy a boat. http://t.co/U7OQHrE8WS
They say women fall for guys who make them laugh. When you just can't think of anything funny to say try the earlobe. http://t.co/52uVGuZOhd
It was the best father's day I ever had. Know what I did? Whatever they wanted. I passed out early and awoke to this. http://t.co/wD6Pbofq9K
She has lived on her own for 22 yrs. We've lived together 13 years. Says of me "yuv' raised me as much as anyone has" http://t.co/c1Sms182R5
At 11ish PM.  Consider your options.  What fun  you can have-  when you sleep like bumpkins.  Country bumpkins.  Rubin' tumkin's!
It's 11ish.               I discovered that if you click off by 11 you can play around till midnight.
They are whispering to each other here about pulling "all nighters". @MASON33: @EttyLauFarrell - put the kids to bed !!  Enjoy the moment"
Our favorite place, on the beach at night w/@EttyLauFarrell. The world is chaos, concentrate on what you choose. http://t.co/TPb2mtXQUc
Seeing a centipede means someone is jealous. Jealousy caused the first murder. Betrayal or in this case a long trail. http://t.co/mGSMGOMfbx
We watched snail sex as we walked home under the street lamp. They're at the age where sex is wonder. Isn't it grand? http://t.co/kMM4gscqQq
I am not awake as she can't sleep. Read a book by #GerryLopez (no Tide w/bleach). "Surf Is Where You Find It". Itch http://t.co/T7pLe74JKV
Patagonia's beautiful. Reaction to a NYC balcony view; as touching. Remembering days gone by and friends still alive http://t.co/tQ9N9qllkj
@ZuZusTeahouse
@toddstakem @perryfarrell @patagonia @exploratravel j INnn
Takes 30 hrs. door to door from Santa Monica. SO Cold! Like an iceburg- SO much more to it. @Patagonia @exploratravel http://t.co/sPCsFwc8Ze
She's so cute. Irresistible. RT @BexyPaulsk:  Umm did you have her permission to do this permanent maneuver? #sexpose http://t.co/4qHqoRAbyo
My window in Patagonia @Exploratravel Behind the Torres Del Paine National Park http://t.co/unhMqRMXeF”// Mike Patton 2 #adoptado
We r there. RT @MarcJDiez:  " I want to get back w/you take us first class going real fast " #satelliteparty #milkyave #ultrapayloaded
#lasthotelonearth  We arrived after 12 hrs of traveling at #hotelexplora in Patagonia, Cl. #birthdaytrip #friendsfamily #adventurebegins
We'll get along better if you sometimes consider me as your dumb husband. Spell it out. I'm not reading your mind and doing this on purpose.
@HalfofAspen Kind of you to offer buddy. I've been stretching on my mat every day. Your age is  equivalent to your spine's free range.
I am pressing on the gas pedal this year. I am not letting up. I keep telling myself the time is right now. Proceed to reach top speed.
Openfaced dwelling http://t.co/skNQrTuLME
Here is the wing of our plane in Aspen getting defrosted by a powerful hose full of "green and orange goo". Outahere! http://t.co/4TM69q6hOA
Imagine me-a role model 🏂🍸🎤RT @JibKidder: hey @perryfarrell I wrote about u &amp; growing up 4 @QMagazine :: http://t.co/bBPzmgEniq  pz
U know it's true  when u make it into @ettylaufarrell's love kaleidoscope. Kisses in the kitchen with @dobeltequila. http://t.co/NZ9NoRYtAi
This is the terrain I found myself upon yesterday. @ettylaufarrell followed me around all day.  Must love me a lot! http://t.co/ROfNBOmxbK
This was the terrain that I found myself upon yesterday. @ettylaufarrell followed me all day. She loves me a lot. http://t.co/oOL28wH4IM
Some/ our favorite peeps/placed. Where there is @dobeltequila, there is LOVE, celebration &amp; Happiness. Happy #VDay. http://t.co/4Zi6cr7rKJ
Yes. This elderly African American lady didn't know us. RT @manic1hispanic: @perryfarrell @AmericanAir Would they do the same 4 Joe Schmoe?
RT @EttyLauFarrell: Ms Robinson @ #LAX @AmericanAir helped us tremendously on our #farrellfamilyvacation. THANK YOU! #lifesaver #superhero
After losing the Super Bowl, refreshing strawberry and banana sticks became our "official best thing about the game". http://t.co/WC58xN28Qp
Seeing th e look on the faces of my friends and family was the hardest part of the Seahawks loss. Pick your heads up. http://t.co/B63vfVY717
It's still mine. #RT @BadAdviceWeasel: @MTV Unless you have a time machine to go to @lollapalooza that ... http://t.co/IS38uZekpR
Woke @ Valley Ho w TV on NBC's superbowl coverage. Someone's wearing a sequined football bonnet? I am disoriented but entertained. #gohawks!
The Valley Ho sounds a little passe for a hotel name, My  buddy tells me Frank stayed there in the day- I should too. It really is charming.
@DanVermulst you can expect a megaton of music to come your way in the near  future. My salvation glands are going off (yes salvation)!
@Bluejays_M like finding an old diary right?. Amazing times for  music , and the world. How r yur days Bluejay? Keep pushin' the limits.
"@perryfarrell: The world feels like it's eccelerating. Parametric designs, Xanita replacing wood. Do I buy a work bench- or 3d printer"?
The world feels like it's eccelerating
@Zoxitic I just picked up a few new phones. Back to work for 2015. Big waves on the horizon.
So far this year has been- as expected full of creativity. How about you? Get ready! http://t.co/FtceWst3qg
Nothin beats a view of the beach
Your best concert pic may win you a signed copy of Danny Clinch's "Still Moving". Submit yours here- http://t.co/Bwx47zMx3D.  @dobeltequila
“@sapphaire_rain: @perryfarrell @EttyLauFarrell So cute! http://t.co/xmnckwufYI” Yes she is. My little girl!
This was my dessert from last night.  And I had it all. Let me tell you. http://t.co/xyWwOyQ8cU
She says he looks like me. I keep waiting for it- I think he looks just like her. But there it is- my smile. Look it. http://t.co/TznynvSr2q
I keep telling myself I'm going to the UK Fereal! Rt @rchlwilliams: So excited for this next month @janesaddiction ☺️ http://t.co/X3W22JGpe2
Steeeerriiiiik! rt TedStryker: @allihagendorf @lollapalooza @whitneyandresen @EttyLauFarrell @perryfarrell See you all there!
I must have pressed 10 instead of 1 what happened? We'll the ribs from last night are ruined. But your pretty. Thanks http://t.co/UkdYmaZ4tP
A car accident. We were not injured- however there was a report taken by this officer. Hawaii is a no fault state. http://t.co/BAW4IlLzzF
Why is that Poppy?  Rt @comeasyouaree: @perryfarrell is possibly my favourite person on the planet"
No, you can't see either the glass door or the mirror. You walk right into them on the way to pee @ 5:00 in the dark. http://t.co/GroTWOh9NY
You smash into a glass shower door @ 5:00 on the way to pee- can you see the up close mirror swung open in darkness? http://t.co/dDZUZYTB1f
Family is staying in a rental. Wake at 5:00 pitch black you need to pee. Can you see the opened glass shower door? http://t.co/7WiltnElqd
Can't surf (torn calf) still getting in the water. Our kids picking up the slack flipping off Rob's home made docboat http://t.co/FxRPnxebyV
Hours will pass and I will be out of this chair rt @scott_mark: helping me through laser surgery at the dentist OUCH http://t.co/QebcpbiiEq
I'm into It. Rt @Danny_Clinch: SO psyched 2 c my @dobeltequila Perry spot throughout the world cup! http://t.co/oicmWvGHN9 #dobeltequila #WC
As America maintains it's freedom of speech and expression. It has become as tolerant a country as there is on earth. http://t.co/o96ziLPRyG
Do you like it? Rt @NewCdnMusic: Dubstep duo Zeds Dead @whoszed head into new genres feat @perryfarrell + @Twinshadow http://t.co/ou0Ro6KVbp
I hope the ending was one that made you rise and feel grand to be alive. My family they are the ones that make me try http://t.co/TRbJnlVqNa
USA on Tuesday!
The one that Chris Cornell wrote Jesus Christ Pose about rt @Baron3121: STILL ONE OF MY FAVORITE PICTURES         http://t.co/whottyENV0
My friends at Dobel Tequila and I want to give u a chance to win VIP Lolla tix and other prizes! Check it out here- http://t.co/AagLeVLHdl
This year's FiFA worldcup filled in the deadest part of the sports year. Get ready 4 our next USA game with @dobeltequila and beer on hand.
Played in school. Was very fast. This year US soccer has arrived rt @Kenofski: @dobeltequila I never had you down as a "soccer" fan Perry."
Our football involves hands,shoulders,knees and toes rt @rowildchild: the americans call this sport soccer when the world called just futbol
This incredible save by Tim Howard kept us alive and the @dobeltequila pouring. It ignited soccer passion in the USA http://t.co/2DovGNnyc2
@EttyLauFarrell: We hold hands falling asleep like the Sea Otter does- so we never drift apart. http://t.co/t4SO5vNwAf"
One highlight to my father's day. Wish my dad was around to see http://t.co/sbJPp7lsTi
Caught some great waves that everyone saw Carol Rt @Blogtownbycjg: HAPPY Father's Day! LOVE to you those excellent boys! From your Carol!
My boys don't think so rt @Zoxitic: when a person extends an olive branch to make amends for the past, calling it "tailing you" is unfair.
Personal gain. ur business? rt @Zoxitic: a person extends an olive branch to make amends for the past, calling it "tailing you" is unfair.
"She's tailing you like a preditor to it's prey?" Our father's day message: Go Away, we want to surf now. http://t.co/m6XC8ymtF0
Today's conversation: X's. "It's been 25 years, and this person is still tailing you?" "When you get a taste of fame" http://t.co/PNoIHKUSwQ
Happy Father's Day! Wow what a hug! Wow! You aren't even concentrating! Wow! You are looking at your video game. Wow! http://t.co/vElYaC0Cco
Something Else comes off AS epic in the works rt @MauriceSt: Do you ever plan to record a Ritual de lo Habitual-style long, epic song again?
He's around J. Toast to his greatness rt @jamesrogers69: Reflecting on losing my father this past Wednesday. Tomorrow is going to be rough
No J, but it seems 2B in yer dreams so By All Means rt @nomonono: that's bcuz you really meant *mara wannna* as the metaphor.. riiiight?
Perhaps; it's likely to make you feel lucky. Rt @NumbersODU: my last experience with tequila was a bad one...will dobel change my luck??
Love it CU. Big dreams. See you there. Rt @chrisurlacher: Dude, either way, your pretty awesome! Have great night! Sleep well, dream big😉
Go to bed dear. We need a fresh you tomorrow. rt @chrisurlacher: How has the reflection been thus far? I think I reflect to much! #CantSleep
Sorry C.U- thought I was speaking to a fella. Rt @chrisurlacher: How has the reflection been thus far? I think I reflect to much! #CantSleep
No Joe, that's not what I meant. But if it's on yer mind by all means rt @chefcharming: @chrisurlacher by 'fat cigar' you mean a dick right?
Have a puff off a fat cigar and call it a day tiger rt @chrisurlacher: How has the reflection been thus far? I reflect too much! #Can'tSleep
I enjoy a really good cigar. I really don't inhale. A quality well rolled cigar after dinner to reflect on the day. http://t.co/ksW85NJG1Y
Boy do I. Fond and wild. rt @HornsToTheSky:  Do you have any fond memories of #BodyCount from 1st Lollapalooza? @FINALLEVEL
Know tha' drill mate rt @RadioMeeks: @Jason_the_pilot Honeymoon in Thailand and my wife kicks sea urchin. Lots of quills. Had to pee on her.
I'm applying more Zinc on her bites. (Bug) Rt @Jason_the_pilot: @perryfarrell What are you doing with your wife? lol
I have a BlkBry as well for speed typing. @MichaelPLehman: iPhone has a way to lock those type away and if phone lost - no password no pics.
Thought I lost my camera phone yesterday. Thought of all the wonderful treasures one would have if they were finder.. http://t.co/qx9a7FMOix
It's been a great father's day (and Hez's Bday) vacation. Etty has come up with another great trip idea. Madagascar. http://t.co/kY1PXfwTf7
Showing the @dobeltequila add for the #FIFAWorldcup on ESPN brought cheers from around the bar! Who you rootin' for? http://t.co/E3oP4C2Civ
Solutionists r out there (somewhere) rt @ParisRoxanne0: god I love Wish Upon A Dog Star 👌🙌 touched your hand from the stage probably 100x
I saw sharks out there today rt @BeggieR: Or swimming with the Dolphins in the new harbor, u guys will love it, great experience.. Saludos
I don't have one saved either rt @hutchja9: @EttyLauFarrell  she is BEGGING me for a new poster..I can't find one! http://t.co/KTrtduHHhv"
We r 0 without Musica rt @castellani: @savafricaglobal 2 fav movies r (#DogsInSpace) by #michaelhutchens &amp; (#theGift) mostly for the music!
Mexico amigo rt @madcircle: @perryfarrell where you at?
Watching the surf. It can go on for ever. Today there is a question that should be answered soon. "What's the hurry?" http://t.co/C2U0fJh5vS
Reason enough rt @dognut75: your life makes me sick!!!! The photos of your wife are the only reason I continue to follow you 😉. Enjoy bro!"
Underwater Golf is our newest poolgame. Swim underwater around the pool in the shortest amount of breaths. Etty wins! http://t.co/yvr9n92OUz
"Does this have Bailey's in it Dearheart"? "Of Course"! "I would never give you coffee without Bailey's in it Babes"! http://t.co/wpqQJcawk4
You know happy family is the triumph rt @megtriumphant1: True, happy wife makes happy life? I need to get happier for my husband and son.
Today Perry feels Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome rt @rcassar: @lollapalooza favorite 3 days of the year, wonder how Perry is feeling?
Etty and I wish you a long and happy life rt @LeilaHowden: beautiful song for our first dance at our wedding on Saturday thank you #awesome
One face I look to make happy for life. Her happy face makes 3 more happy. 4 happy faces make the whole world happy. http://t.co/tYdBLHYYo1
Today was big for me as a dad. My son bought his first dinner shirt, and I began to tell him about his family history http://t.co/ApKoQPBpFC
Our latest artwork bought from Hama Sushi for our fun room at home. It is so Venice. Catwoman with a whip- hanging 5. http://t.co/wntdibdUyt
That wasn't the worst of it. My right leg was killin' me rt @Lonewolfbiscuit: you guys rocked soo fucking hard! Your bound to get injured.
A war wound from the  Brooklyn bowl. Don't know what did that to me? Can't remember doing it.. All that Adrenaline! http://t.co/qwOkLsUedV
Finally Sly... rt @SlyLovis: Are you coming to London4shows.I was in a tiny niteclub 25years ago, Nothings Shocking is the best album ever!!
I thought we all sounded great together. Maybe start a band? rt  @MandyQ702: @BBowlVegas @janesaddiction  #lovemusic http://t.co/GDVRtIXJEt"
@toyser22 what?
At the height of life rt @dobeltequila: @PearlJam rocking it with Dobel! @JanesAddiction @BBowlVegas, May 8th 2014. http://t.co/CkQeaR2MFs"
Good to see yer rugged face again Mason. Rt @MASON33: love it , thanks Perry for an epic wkend in Vegas !
Is it always easy? Well we do have our differences but if all else fell to cinder she is to me- my life's treasure. http://t.co/4TUhhO6fOd
Dangerous &amp; inspiring, rightly crowned the best show in Las Vegas. @EttyLauFarrell  @lerevethedream #happymothersday http://t.co/MFLZsMhRuu
It's spring, tasty fruit &amp; @dobeltequila = watermelon Margherita. Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. http://t.co/JeJONC4ZBC
Thanks dear! Right after a surf, my wife knows I love a @dobeltequila to sit under an umbrella and watch the break. http://t.co/BXRjCuM2TO
@izzadorefarrell you have 5 minutes before we have to zip up and head to airport. Don't forget to tip the surf boys. http://t.co/qwrX3FNfn2
Look what I found? Another hat with strings. It protects me against the sun, and the string keeps it on through wind. http://t.co/nngpW2Oiut
Keep an even give and take rt @Yadira_Giselle: you guys are so perfect together. I hope to one day have a love &amp; marriage like you guys. :)
Best steamers I ever had. Learned how to circumsize a clam rt @DSky3: buy a house on the coast of Maine Perry."
This man"s a friend of the sea turtles @izzadorefarrell. After a quick surf session. We're all packed n ready to fly http://t.co/7NSOyUb1a3
Get if! RT @ultrarecords: @JoachimGarraud @perryfarrell @EttyLauFarrell collaboration REMIXED! Out Now @iTunesMusic: http://t.co/chgH3ifCU9
This is my life now. Married to a girl from Hong Kong- loved the city life. She fell in love with me and the ocean. http://t.co/cwgMhGqa6t
Let me see what we can do amigo rt @3grass1roots1: need some #PornoForPyros this year!! Please"
Thx for your kindness rt @KonfuzedByU: what a handsome young man w/delightful taste in breakfasts! haha
Yes son, now you're beginning to get the picture! Wearing that robe, I like your choice of chocolate chip pancakes. http://t.co/EDbVnfx1wS
Being young is so much fun. Others see a cliff to have to walk around- you see an incredible opportunity to scale it. http://t.co/FXntBPkJkX
Are we that same person we once were? Can we be truly be reborn? Or do we just live on- with hopes of improving? Si! http://t.co/Z9PRNHgkOb
Yes take turns inventing questions rt @xiolaperry37433: Do you take turns asking the questions? Will try w/ my 2 kids 2nite. (my day= made)"
This is my kind of woman. Sweet natured, assured of herself, can even steer the ship when needed @EttyLauFarrell http://t.co/nNERiHFmHH
OTH can be played at dinner or in the pool rt @xiolaperry37433: wonderful you get to spend so much time with your boys. Thanks for sharing."
Ex. subject Wales. The question: "what is a blowhole?" 5 sec. OTH Rt @xiolaperry37433:  wonderful that you get to spend time with your boys.
I came up with a great family game called Off The Hook rt @xiolaperry37433: so wonderful that you get to spend so much time with your boys.
Also not on dvd. A special project rt @jrolf007: @scullsman @ModSchoolOfFilm is this on DVD? I have original on VHS. http://t.co/flCmxDTf8v"
I'll look into it. We left Warner Bros; they stopped working Jane's rt  @scullsman: @ModSchoolOfFilm It definitely requires re-release ASAP
Tell me more abt mrdr. Rt @Melisondre: @scullsman @ModSchoolOfFilm Got a DVD off eBay. My VHS got confiscated as evidence for a murder trial
Does a dvd of Gift exist? (Don't think so) rt @scullsman: @ModSchoolOfFilm I've looked everywhere!! If anyone finds one PLEASE let me know!"
I don't think 1 exists? rt @scullsman:  @ModSchoolOfFilm I've been looking for a DVD/ digital copy of gift for ages. Where can I get it?????
My @EttyLauFarrell &amp; I take care of each other. We really do. http://t.co/uwuzskjHHn
A tall order rt @ccamiibordi: please bring the Arctic Monkeys and Green Day to next year's Lollapalooza in Argentina.This year was AWESOME!"
Congratz on a kind heart. U may receive paradise rt  @BeggieR: @EttyLauFarrell Perry This is great pick, congrats guys on a Great Marriage..
Fireworks throughout 2014. Thru the bushes. Just beyond. http://t.co/BVP2nskuin
Everyone thinking in the same direction? What this trip was about. As we're going the same way- let's make it easy... http://t.co/z1Q3x69KbD
May he deliver rt  @pinkfloydster: introduced my little boy to Nothing Shocking today. The album of my college days. He loved your voice.
Cabo Forever rt @tbrauser: @EttyLauFarrell so awesome u guys r in Cabo. I miss that place and the atmosphere! Have a blast w PF
Happy Hour. I like the way you're living. http://t.co/1HurtNdwxG
Things you can do behind the mixing console... Definitely get down. http://t.co/J5F8dUNXps
A swell is what we call the ocean when the waves approach the beach. A swell arrives upon the shore. Theirs a swell! http://t.co/TUPdZTWDGQ
Today we discussed learning computer science, animation, and music. All of us are eager to know more. http://t.co/HfBdCI3wF5
Is warrior a real pose? It felt good, and gave me a sense of balance. Let's all do it! Rt "@amypnl78: @perryfarrell Farrell Warrior Pose..."
My version of mass yoga. Stretching out the spine loosening the joints. Feeling much better after a 12 hr plane ride. http://t.co/0l9EtfSnWd
Best 15 yrs of my life w/u. RT @EttyLauFarrell: Day 2! #cabo #farrellfamilyvacation @perryfarrell I LOVE  you! http://t.co/XeGpJh8Imq
Life is precious and far too short. I try to capture fragments of time to hang on our wall of memories. The family.. http://t.co/6TPKzLIhFk
My family... Hope your spring break leads you to a great place. We're in Mexico. One of our Favs. http://t.co/txNJmkuyJQ
E
Son to his Father "Daddy, want to go swimming with me in the pool?" Father "have to use to toilet first". Son "Why don't you use the Pool?"
I'll be watching Gift, and Drug Store Cowboy with Gus Van Sant @ModSchoolofFilm. I haven't watched Gift since I filmed it 1991 I'm guessing.
At The One and Only with @dobeltequila on my mind. It's a peaceful place my friends. It's going beautifully. http://t.co/xXOwzlw6Cw
Thank you @klos. I just got home (LA). Jane Says hit us on the way to Lakers. Wow Been Caught just hit us up now. Back. Listening to Jack...
Adding bounce to the music current that is running around the globe- perhaps even causing it to spin a little harder. http://t.co/BYnwz3ntgp
I've been cutting my own hair since childhood rt @SteveCaplan: Phew, thought for a minute Perry was in a supercuts ad. Tequila, thankfully.
Wow!! Latin Lollas were so hot blooded! We had to catch a flight home. My @EttyLauFarrell has overpartied and needed to be resettled.
It felt great- and they were great! Rt @sploreto: El BIG BOSS de #LollaCL  rockeando con @PIXIES 👍 http://t.co/3BqKOOzkji"
Why pick 1? Rt @mcintoshlabs: Happy bday enjoying @janesaddiction The Great Escape Artist. Which are your favorites? http://t.co/UWc8oI1dXW"
"@thrak1898: #UnDiaComoHoy 29 de marzo 1959 nace Perry Bernstein @perryfarrell #JanesAddiction #Lollapalooza #HappyBirthday"
Coming S. America!  Rt @EttyLauFarrell: sang Sympathy and shared the stage with this beauty http://t.co/mETAULMpzD"
Very nice Nico lot's of emotion rt @nico_peruzzo: Hey Man! I did this after the amazing concert of Buenos Aires 2012 http://t.co/JjkDUtp2X9"
It's turning out that way new mixing equipment to get lost with rt @peterbruce: Amazing! Superb! Brilliant! How's that? Have a nice weekend.
Plz rt "@jrs7000: @EttyLauFarrell, shout out 2 Perry "patron saint of broken people" my new novel Fontoon: http://t.co/TUr4u2B7HH Send u 1?"
Jason- you just wetted my appetite- like a juicy pink slice of prime rib rt @WarriorGhost13:  Let me tell ya, you're at the jubilee...."
He wants a parkour foam squares landing pit. Rt  @KellyNaturally: LOL Dad... *you* want the half pipe? What does *he* want? #parentingisfun
Critique? Be kind please. Rt@peterbruce: @perryfarrell just been watching you on later with jools Holland....... 1993 my god how time flies!
Son is mad at me. I want a halfpipe in backyard. Found him under his desk. Ok- you can make a cotton candy top sunday http://t.co/HdXektuH6S
We hope that today is a better day for you all. We hope that tomorrow is even better. All our love.. @EttyLauFarrell http://t.co/Df6M3G9cKq
Looking to get wet in Cali. Just surfed Cabo rt @johnnydonutzzz: Perry, do you find any time to get some surfing in? #hangten #greenroom?"
You being so sweet- I heard u from up in Cloud 9... rt @fanvav: You responding to me - made my life. I am on cloud 9. Happiest girl alive.
I'm an edible kind of guy Jackie rt @jackedupon_MTD: @perryfarrell What's your favorite candy?
1 of my fav nightmares rt @ChiBDM: ANY footage of Patti Smith scaring children @ Kids stage at Lolla few years back. One of my fav memories"
Music will be there when everyone is gone rt @fanvav: @FillmoreDetroit no question PF made me fall in love with music. 1991 to be exact."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SAM!  Rt "@LuminousBeige: starting  my birthday morning right by listening to Janes's Addiction live in NYC, LOUD!!! &lt;3"
Almost Lolla time S.Am Bluejay! rt @Bluejays_M: I love @EttyLauFarrell and PF. I Love watching them perform They seem so grateful and real.
Scotty Ashton- The Stooges drummer died. He and his brother who was the guitarist are both gone. It makes me very sad http://t.co/soV4nQKPMq
After 12 yrs I developed into a great father and husband. I love being this kind of a man. Happy Anniversary my Etty! http://t.co/XwCebwaeJk
Don't's For Dancers. I look at that little book everyday. It says a dancer should never wear clothing too tight. True http://t.co/x16hqKvPGo
Shane, He's asked to make the switch on his own accord. I told him next season. (Let him enjoy ripping for now) Rt @ShaneMcE: no snowboard?"
I like action. Controlling a speeding body. Action addiction. That's my addiction. Here it is  rubbing off on Izzy. http://t.co/LcZ39NwXZT
Growing up my parents could care less. When my boys ask for sleep overs, I say yes. My house has life and energy. http://t.co/kql7kWHuXc
Skiing to the bottom and finding out the lift was closed, the boys realized they had to walk back up to the hotel. http://t.co/AD1yXKLMAm
Trying to think- you are right... rt @Jamiehatespants: Terminal 5, NYC- you were shredding. Plus nothing beats hot chicks on stage!
What gig? Were we shredding? Rt @Jamiehatespants: Nothing better: getting home from the bar at 3am and seeing Jane's Addiction on Palladia!
Izzy is great with animals n kids. Here he teaches a wolf the famous "Farrell Howl". Shame he has pet hair allergies. http://t.co/JhcvPrXTCk
She's sitting in the tree, kissing rt Cambridge250: and a wife like yours ., Perry!
What do we need to be happy? All we really need are lake, mountain, sky and tree. Simple pleasures get away from us. http://t.co/NR7Bua4Ged
Put a lid on your drink, remember to wear your fastest kicks! Rt @vero_gimenez13: lorde and imagine dragons are in argentina at same time!
I always hold my balls (in high regard) Jordie rt @StareAtMeJORDAN: Just don't freeze your balls off.
A classy problem Jango rt @jangoisgone: Dear Perry, change day 1 of Lolla in Argentina, New Order/NIN Same time and place???. Please change!
Can't leave. Keeps dumping. Roads closed. Holed up w/ snowboard, BC caviar n' vodka. Forgetting about my other life. http://t.co/s5ZuyTKhYt
Hey Porpoise Head rt @musicforswans: 2 tries at killing me they couldn't do it. Ran down the road no shoes n no jacket. Here I go dive away.
Waited till noon. It kept dumping all day. Everyone dispearsed on the mount. Powder descent! Rt  rt @volare_mso: good lord is that the line?
This yr we made friends rt @Jo_Ehm: Glad you feel that way lol, I'm trying to convince my brother to go find you (he works on the mountain).
Also a chance to make new friends. Rt @DHawerchuk: the decision to do anything (outdoors) is always better than the decision to do nothing."
Could have stayed in and kept warm, or head up the mountain- just to take in the view. There's really only 1 answer. http://t.co/43feqH8wNC
Yes I am heading up the mountain. Need 2 more days to feel fulfilled. Spending the day on a mountain, boarding down. http://t.co/zNvQ1KD945
Yes- I am about to head up 0qthe mountain. http://t.co/nOLr0AR8u0
B hpy 4 othrs. Luv wl cum yer way.@Jason_the_pilot: Wonderful Should b jealous there's no girl in my life but seeing ur happy faces,I'm not?
1967 Bertani in Italy fills a wine bottle with the hopes of inspiring a loving couple on Valentines Day. FF to 2014. http://t.co/EvkToVfFdO
It was a typo- but made the point- just in time.. Rt @Jason_the_pilot:Lol. Feezing must have been a typo but it still looks funny in print.
After Valene dinner they ran up the snow pile- slid back down. "Dad my ass is feezing do you have one of those warmers for my undies?
Perfect timing. Whistler is snowing hard w/ continued flurries. Fav. Instructor Friedie with us. Life is ultra sweet! http://t.co/tUxr0nR9B2
When you lift the window shades up to this Canadian city- you are treated to http://t.co/TVPlbJ55nh
My pleasure rt@STP_Girl: THANKS for the amazing line-up at #LollaAR. You're are awesome perry. This is 1st time of @soundgarden in Arg &lt;3"
And then no response rt @NirvanaLegacy: Do you recall when you invited Nirvana to join Lollapalooza for 1994? Did they respond?
Then they said yes. Rt @NirvanaLegacy: Do you recall when you invited Nirvana to join Lollapalooza 1994? Did they respond?
1st they wanted to call their tour Lollapaloser fest. @NirvanaLegacy: Do you recall inviting Nirvana to do Lollapalooza? Did they respond?
She has danced by my side since 1997 Georgie rt @georgecook12: yes, I saw you play in Boston last summer. Was she dancing on stage?"
George- she came and auditioned.- and it's Etty rt @georgecook12: your family is beautiful. You look happy Perry.. How did you meet Elly?
And kind, generous, and  talented. +good mommy! rt @Zoxitic: She is beautiful. No wonder why you smile all the time perry. @EttyLauFarrell
Bingo Bingato! rt@bingato: @EttyLauFarrell She is also your muse....
You are generous 3eyes. And by the sound of things happy in your life. Thx. rt @my3rdeye:  @EttyLauFarrell Much peace and love to you both!
Fireworks? She loves that and more. She loves to dance. Most of all she loves me Rt @sngldadnthecity: @EttyLauFarrell she like fireworks ?
This is my wife @EttyLauFarrell. She comes from Hong Kong. At age 10- moved to Seattle. A proud Seahawk's fan is she! http://t.co/wQmsfeAKKS
Me too miss my pals rt @laynestarr23: Porno For Pyros - A Little Sadness (Porno For Pyros) (Video)  Luv this song! http://t.co/Ssyo2nDXdU
I've tried buffalo Rt @lawrenceleopaul: I was frying balls. Down the grass hill into the pit on Acid when u said "Coming down the Mountain"
If I told you- you'd say that makes sense rt @Zoxitic: What's your least favorite janes addiction song?
Larry hit my mother in laws car in a hurry. Rt @StickmanH: musta been a p4p day. I went surfing &amp; watched Meija from Larry Sanders
You or me? Rt @DavidianVision: The first time I saw Janes; 1991 I was 16. Witnessed Perry sing "Three Days" while on LSD = Life Changing!!!
It have Blk.Girlfriend? rt @chief_joe500: @DavidianOrder 1st P4P album my favorite summertime LP! It jams and grooves smooth and rocks hard
Barfed in a bucket- smashed a guitar. Rt @madcircle: my fav @the world in NYC in 88. Those small clubs  where where it was at.  #vegasbbowl
I miss you Britain rt @DavidianOrder: I have been listening to first P4P album a lot lately. One of multiple masterpieces. Keep 'em coming!
Like the Super Bowl rt @Thekid3038187: @lawrenceleopaul Bentley College 90's. Ocean Size kicks off A guy gets iz leg broke in the pit #crush
Really stick stopped show rt @anythink:  @lawrenceleopaul lollapalooza 1 Cleveland. Riot during NIN, U stopped show when glow stick hit you.
Really stick stopped the show @anythink: @lawrenceleopaul lollapalooza 1 in Cleveland.  Riot NIN, stopped the show when glow stick hit you.
Any w Bill Graham Presents rt @lawrenceleopaul: what was one of your favorite shows? Mine was 1992 Shoreline in Mountain View.Lalapalooza 92
Damaged?? Rt @Melisondre: @kamkamaband Yes, Missoula! Then Idaho. Show you the soul of the state, the naked land. Lovely, damaged my home.
On my mind as well. Rt @iamtheroar: the P4P song "Black Girlfriend" has been on my mind, on repeat, Based on a true story, or a fantasy?
Hi Chris, Wore your suit an a lot in fall. It has my name stitched in it rt @christhetailor: @RacketMagazine That the suit I made for you?
Not ready to die Mateo. If we are becoming Xtnct. I am going to live harder rt   @mateomcconnell: my friend says we are like the dinosaurs"
I still look in Venice 4 that door. Sad. rt @Ultrajectband: @kamkamaband Ethan (RIP) @ Radio Tokyo (RIP). http://t.co/3QS8PJb4yJ #PsiCom"
I've a rugged leather from Belfast rt @neko_aka: @egovent @peter_hook1 play belfast perry ..There 1000s of addiction fans wanting to see you
Now you are one of us. Join the immortals weeping" @kamkamaband: "Human Condition" -know the song by heart but never knew there was a demo!"
Jus tlkn about U Mssu rt t @whiskeyportal: any plans to come back to Missoula? Amazing show and my daughter and I loved meeting you summer
Peter-ur a shining citizen of Manchester! How's my alltime fav? Come to Cali! Rt @peter_hook1: We would love to welcome you back here Perry!
Fun.Know the name? Rt @kamkamaband: Your mixing session is going well when it leads to hearing ANOTHER Psi Com demo you didn't know existed
No- not even then rt @breadyr: u c the pic Perkins posted of you, him and Rollins at the whiskey in 92'? Any idea what song u were playing?"
Wine may be better comparison rt @Jason_the_pilot: Not to compare myself to a cheese,but I'd like to think of myself as being finer with age
Have a dance room in our home (built for Etty). Stretching on the bar. I enjoy fighting off the stiffness of age. FU http://t.co/EWHYZBKlPX
@courtneylove of allppl stuk up4us rt @Phish_Pharts: why did Saturday Night Live cut your performance short and not let you play a 2nd song?
I'm imagining it rt @egovent: @perryfarrell  @peter_hook1 would you come and play Manchester? It would be "awesome, awesome, awesome
I do whatever I want rt @RacketMagazine: I asked Perry if he had any photo tips: "Stay close to me." Sage advice. http://t.co/7TcgO2enx5"
Is that why I love you (and apples) so? Rt @FrankHulshoff: @Quentin197535 Amsterdam being the original city if sin, would fit after Vegas.
Haven't read it but: Saved all the best stories for my own book. Someday rt @RobObviou: have u read the book whores if so how accurate is it
I could use a drink right now (delayed 3 hours) rt @wofstargirl: Thank you. So nice of you to think of me! http://t.co/HItGqEPQmL
Surely does Quentin. I recently bought a great pleather jacket from there I luv rt @Quentin197535: a gig at Paradiso sounds good😜#amsterdam
No, I hadn't considered that. It's always the rush Xtopher rt  @xtopher22: @HornsToTheSky it's that the Super Bowl pays pretty damned well.
Was just there partner rt @FrankHulshoff: the experience of JA gig at Paradiso Amsterdam something between meditation and catching a barrel.
It's always what you can't have Hornie rt @HornsToTheSky: Who needs the Super Bowl when you have supporters like us all over the world,
Since I'll never play Super Bowl- FKN GREAT! Rt @HornsToTheSky: Can u tell me what is it like knowing you changed many lives with your art?"
I am bored. Delayed (are you)? A mimosa airplane pretzels with travel chocolates. I'm getting hungry (are you)? http://t.co/ailToH7XwL
U R sweet as baklava rt @notalllie: I'm scared of music I haven't seen anybody come close to Perry or Freddie or plant.
Everyone is still working. Love NYC. Such a special place. Glad people came from the western mountains to experience http://t.co/j82LPySryS
Drink equal water to spirits rt @neversummer13: what is your secret to such good skin as far as hydration ?? You travel and drink.
Chiberia may end up- the place to be next winter! Rt @jocflojo: Welcome to #Chiberia! Maybe you can heat things up in the city?
Lake Michigan- icy near the Navy Pier. Freezing this time of year, Chicago is still worth paying a fun filled visit. http://t.co/LNv2OJtmaN
Tumblin' dice rt @MASON33: Vegas, - Nothing Shocking - keep me in mind, this record changed my life! -JimMaceoMason http://t.co/MfWrIucSyo
A book sounds like fun. Trouble is finding time to write one. Rt @bloodofsun: Perry, is there any chance of you ever release a poetry book?
Ten minutes to spare- we were had our final St. James caviar and vodka breakfast in Heathrow. Here we come Chicago. http://t.co/P5YelCJl9l
It broke apart easily and inside was goodness. We ate 5 small courses- with wine pairing. Highly recommended http://t.co/PXSObQjrBZ
Thx Venician! Rt @VenicianBASS: Happy (belated) Anniversary to you &amp; @EttyLauFarrell ~ An inspiring &amp; Beautiful Rocking Couple Love U Both!
Creges Hermitage this is our main course. Bon Appetite! http://t.co/ANTiMYT9zX
White wine. Chassagne Montrechet. My anniversary dinner (with deary friends Sander Kleinenberg, Tommy Lipnick love! http://t.co/uN4sipoBwn
Tonight is my anniversary. I am so glad that Etty chose me as her husband. Etty- "What do you think? Do you love me?" http://t.co/yvdYCMxO01
A rare smoke out of the attic window in Amsterdam. Acutely aware of how much in love I am with life. http://t.co/EcIvEiks6r
Being called to entertain people around the world &amp; stopping off a Caviar Houses is the good life. http://t.co/tJyVNewmH9
Jammed w/ his band. Well worth a listen. RT @shaun_white: Today is the day!! My band @BadThings' album out on iTunes: http://t.co/z2pcBTjk1n
"@JoachimGarraud: @EttyLauFarrell @perryfarrell and i are shooting a cool video scifx for my new single. Be ready. http://t.co/Fp4vZ38Zow
My idea of heaven is a place where kindness gets passed around. It would also have a mountain and a beach. http://t.co/4iP0GOwA3r
Here's to those nights that are hard to remember, spent with friends we never forget. Perry Farrell\Jane's Vegas 2014 http://t.co/MM6K90hNlx
I have the masters. Not available on iTunes rt .@themitchmayes does it even exist in a digital format? Ive tried itunes but its not there.
@coleplante makes fresh beats. HIs mom and dad dug Jane's back in the day. https://t.co/aetQYIaiH0
E@themitchmayes: where can i download Satellite Party? My dad's got a copy at home and i forgot to put it on my computer before i left
I say you can do whatever you like on this cleanse rt @ChrisSmithBFLO: Can you drink booze while on this cleanse?
We're doing a 5 day cleans. I feel n look like an alfalfa sprout rt.   @GoodsoulPromo: @here_comes_B Great minds! How ya feeling chief? X"
DJ, producer, friend Cole Plante (still a teen) asked me to give him a "Here We Go" for his new single on Beatport. http://t.co/wKYy2oo4l4
A great new year still? NYE  is like chocolate. Enjoy it now. Don't hold off for too long. It will melt in your hand. http://t.co/tNOH2FyPSJ
We have. I think it was "Shake your shit" rt  @Zoxitic: @tmorello I would love to hear a Farrell/Morello song. Have you two never jammed?"
Will you tour? Rt @tmorello: New Bruce Springsteen record High Hopes streaming here: http://t.co/RUISAXzsGa … I'm rocking on 8 tracks.
Can't wait to hear it Tom rt @tmorello: New Bruce Springsteen record Hugh Hopes streaming: http://t.co/RUISAXzsGa I'm rocking on 8 tracks.
Good morning dear hearts. Care for yourselves today. I've had a little sniffle. On the mend now. Feeling 100% makes a day so much better!
Wish I had 'em when I was a kid rt @frightenshop: lullaby versions of janes addiction. hypnotically beautiful.  http://t.co/x2cLHcoxXH
I got moves man rt @PajamaSlamSam: Outkast is headlining Coachella. Your move perry
This is my girl Etty last night on stage @ the party for CBS in Vegas for their new hit show Intelligence. Best time. http://t.co/WWg8AKFS0k
This is my girl Etty. Last night at the CBS Party in Vegas. http://t.co/SJKL2TmjNK
You should gamble only when you feel lucky rt @Jason_the_pilot: Vegas.What are your views on gambling?Do you play  poker/slots/roulette?
Consumer Electronics. I did a rush knowing I was going out to visit the CES show in Vegas and perform as well. An hour or so of giddiup.
Good party with @dobeltequila rt @dafrieds: Got 2 bottles of Dobel Tequila signed by @perryfarrell. Going to have a tasting tonight. Yeah..
Inside we behaved like animals. the spirit came out. http://t.co/lezaRIRjGB
Landed. What's in the red bag? (Hats) http://t.co/j29ja269sB
May 2014 be gigantic explosions of happiness for you and yours. http://t.co/95w2xv3VRD
May 2014 be gigantic explosion of greatness for you.  http://t.co/ycUFvYThTh
Invited to watch atop the halfpipe. How do you know that's @shaun_white dad? By the badass leather he is wearing! http://t.co/4LzdhuLg7d
The weather is beautiful for snowboarding in Aspen. The sky is clear and blue. I am stretching out my body well. http://t.co/YP1n9ZEMTV
Added a basket to the trampoline! We all dunked Rt. @EttyLauFarrell: "Why aren't the boys at school?!?" asks PF 1st day of #wintervacation .
To find a man who likes us both rt @Oceansizelolita: ppl  told me I'll b single 4 ever cause I have u tattooed on me  http://t.co/nKfdhJZuKH
I have found a new use for those noodle floaties. If you have an overactive child who splashes strangers at the pool http://t.co/mTsVYwqSQQ
I'm returning to dance music this new year rt @damagedave:  @perryfarrell , you still Dj'ing on occasion? Might be something cool coming up
Roger that. We love the caves. Would love to have a disco in there some day! rt @rogersaltillo: #islasmarietas
Mexico was the place where we spent the holidays staying wet, staying happy, staying together as a family. Thank you! http://t.co/7BBs3j8yPE
Izzy's BDay suprise from St. Regis. Baloons, cake, and a bubble bath waiting after dinner. Mommy loves bbl baths too! http://t.co/ciykhdWvhf
HL once asked me to sing in his band (but I wouldn't) rt: Dream this morning I was throwing a beach party We were in a band w/ Huey Lewis.
All of us love Lucy! rt  @farrahfire: B movies were A at that time Lucy gave up her sexy image to be the funny one w Ricky
Just woke up? Rt @carbone_jeff:  @DuffMcKagan is looking at  PF like he is straight out of his mind thinking, "Yeah, GnR wasn't like this..
With sweethearts rt  @chromecowgirl1: A gorgeous family. Super love radiates from your souls. Inspiring &amp;joyful ! A divine creative force!
Appeared in B movies, met Ricky fell in love went on the road rt @farrahfire: not true Lucy was already a Hollywood star when she met Ricky"
Just woke up. What show?? Rt @aigeldinger: Great show! What a Sunday night surprise. Thank you.
I just woke up. What's this all about?? Rt @farrahfire: if that's true it explains why she let him cheat
Another tuff Sunday for NY .. Rt @22striker8: watching Jane's live from NY terminal 5 w @classysassycute on palladia! Wish we were there!
I have always felt that Etty and I were the modern Lucy and Dezi. Lucy began her career as a dancer for Dezi's band. http://t.co/wud7QDSwmT
And lot's more to come dear heart rt @mikkilusardi: #goodtimes  @taylorhawkins http://t.co/mFFhdV9VWK
He has since passed rt @NateInLa1: Never heard this song til this year by Porno For Pyros I love it! "Pete's Dad" http://t.co/Eh4YXlKvUf
You can turn a new leaf at any moment, and people will forget that you were a fuck up rt @Scorpiondreamer: Could do with PF words of wisdom.
Singing w/ soul fueled by @dobeltequila RT @LucasPage88: @ettylaufarrell #buenoaires #janesaddition #tequila … http://t.co/vB0WbzPqIG
Do you have a video? Rt @DrJekyllNikolic: Buddies n me have a tribute to Jane's in Belgrade,Serbia.Kids rock their minds off to your music!
A friend of mine claims that if you look into the sun a moment before it sets- that you will gain a great energy. http://t.co/6tQGcy8W6G
We are old friends rt @SrAmphibian: Jane's and Sonic Youth set the table for every band in the 90s.  honored with the retweet!
Still in it rt @187Deadpool: Just rediscovered listening to Porno For Pyros. How amazingly fun those two albums are! The thick of it all!
25 years ahead- that's about right?! Rt @SrAmphibian: Why did it take so long? You were way ahead of your time in the 1980s!
Not this time dear Brenda rt @BrendaVujacic: There's no chance that Jane's play at #Lollaar ? @EttyLauFarrell
Years I'm afraid rt @ColinGray1970: Listening to The She Did live. When are you gonna get this back in the set &amp; play it in the UK?
I think I'm going to pack a lunch one day and go up to Hollywood Blvd. and eat my lunch right on our star.
When you walk upon our star, think happy thoughts about us. We are the genuine Hollywood article. Bred and spread.. http://t.co/GjSdwDczMK
Maestro Dobel, thanks for making our induction of Jane's Hollywood Star run smoother. My friends were all impressed. http://t.co/pA79I24gNW
Wow Argentina, 60 thousand  tickets sold in 40 mins!? LollaAr you made history. I keep telling my friends "join us in Buenos Aires". Abrazos
I'm happy too rt @DavidianOrder: I love you man. Watched 'Gift' again and it made me realize how happy I am that you're still alive in 2013
Thank you for loving me rt "@VeeeKaaay: @perryfarrell Hi Perry. I love you :)"
Which song in particular? Rt @danielk4: Tuesday night! It was fucking great!...but I have a question: why don't you play more Strays songs?.
You are so kind rt @keepthefaith829: Jane Says is my song :) thank god for @janesaddiction! @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins perry love you all"
Dolphin style rt "@Zoxitic: Smile and swim away."
It was easy like breathing rt @Zoxitic:" Slow Divers" is one of the most underrated Janes songs. Did it take long to get it down just right?
My big brother had a great influence on my love 4 music &amp; style. @JoePerry &amp; @IamStevenT remind me a lot of him. http://t.co/0DqtmHvUmL
I may release it upon my death. Difficult to look into the eyes of truth. Rt @RobObviou: just curious will u ever write a book.
Stylish people in Arg. Check out their gear! Rt @EttyLauFarrell: The camera loves you #lollapalooza @lollapaloozaar  http://t.co/jJ9EyzYtMg"
More tango! Rt @EttyLauFarrell: Tango on the streets of La Boca w/Perry. #buenosaires #lollapalooza  @lollapaloozaar http://t.co/P0MEukUSvJ"
How is the youth culture in S.Afr? Rt @nixsa: further thoughts on visiting South Africa? I'd so love to see you. You'd love us back :-) x"
Before speaking at the Maxi Midia conference in Sao Paulo. Could use a @Dobeltequila on rocks to complete the scene. http://t.co/IK3WjgW97q
Traveling by train in Sao Paulo 15 km. took 20 minutes. Later that day we drove a car 5 km and it took 1 1/2 hrs.! http://t.co/xxfTpSRMNq
Etty plays sax as well rt @Xiolazora:  love both (wanted to play cello but parents said 'no').. as a sax player tenor is richly deep too.."
She's a bute from start to finish rt @JCKnuckles:  @StacieWeickel @SIRIUSXM the new album is so rockin' PF. Thank you for the music 🙏♠️"
Irresistible Force please rt @StacieWeickel: @SIRIUSXM please play something besides "been caught stealing" there r a million other ja songs
I play on a great team rt @anonymiss22: @janesaddiction Thank you for @RockWaveFest Ft. Myers! I am reborn! http://t.co/9AEFvAOtvm
Looking back at our last 7 weeks- Jane's mission was accomplished. After this tour, I'm going to explode with new designery!
7 weeks ago ( right after Lolla) I began our tour. I am going home. See my boys and hug them. Skateboard with them on the boardwalk.
From there, he can learn to play bass guitar, put a strap  on it and rock out rt @Sweater_Yams_:  Chicks dig big wood. Instruments.
I'll never forget Mexican Pipeline rt @TrekkingMexico: @perryfarrell do you Remember your surf trip to purto Escondido with your Manager.
Izzy asked me what to get, a cello or a saxaphone? A sax was kinda rock- but not so much these days. Cellos are deep. http://t.co/fA2BuADQQX
It's Pe with a NY accent rt @frightenshop: @JasonCandee @janesaddiction I named a shih tzu after you. I called him Per.
My brother and sister call me Per rt @frightenshop: @JasonCandee @janesaddiction I named a shih tzu after you. I called him Per.
I like to feel as though they named it after me...rt @JasonCandee: @janesaddiction #nyc #thankyouboys http://t.co/v5Antq8VX3
We came to rock rt @seaski1999: @perryfarrell @FriendlyFire @DaveNavarro Jane says there is no surfing on the gulf coast of Florida"
Sleep over party rt @FriendlyFire: Images of shirtless @perryfarrell and @DaveNavarro will be dancing in my head as I try to fall asleep.
@nytimes
@nytimes Deerr
Tonight's th poc0ht! Rt @rayjacksonart: HOT, handsome, beautiful Perry. I'm a Jane's virgin. Friday in ATL will be my first time.
Thx Mike! rt @Anarchyfish: Perry Loved the show at HOB tonight! You don't need to worry about Black tip Sharks. This is my first ever twit!"
Tour ends. Emotions get out of hand. New stories to tell. Don't forget your belongings; (or to have the last laugh). http://t.co/eB5coLxceZ
Into Nevada you see a sprinkle of houses. Question: Do they get along with their neighbor, and are they making meth? http://t.co/fjaFcdbAMZ
Can anyone suggest to Etty and I- a great place to vacation in the Caribbean with surf and a hotel my wife would love?
Back stage at the Gorge there are beautiful rows of grapes. I was dying to taste them. Don't they look delicious? http://t.co/B3W5wy8Zhl
"Excuse us, where are coffee mugs?" "Way on the other side-  have you ever been to Walmart? Well welcome to Walmart"! http://t.co/inB6Z3AagN
@mikkilusardi @EttyLauFarrell Welcome into our family! We can't wait to celebrate with you (and all of  Buenos Aires) http://t.co/P15bXY1KFN
The festival ran into hailstones the size of 8 balls. We waited inside a Rodeo arena played baseball n' skateboarding http://t.co/C6mXGERlYE
@Blogtownbycjg @EttyLauFarrell We'll be home before you know it Carol (Irvine close enough). We've played some great shows there (Lolla!).
@kellyslater I have a balsa- shaped by Becker that I break out once a year (after Lollapalooza). Kelly- have you surfed Cuba? Pray tell.
U can C our show n leave before traffic rt  @jmears333 @DaveNavarro can u slip a mickey in Journeys drinks @MusicMidtown so u can headline?
How's the mix coming TJ? (Porno) rt @itj57: Too much fun.  @perryfarrell, @stephenperkins, @peterdistefano, @wattfrompedro,  #pornoforpyros
I love Chris Chaney. With all his idiosyncrasies (the Mercury in the tuna) we are up in Montana. Great USA http://t.co/dC3Ol1X1iC
John and Elainie who promote @rockstaruproar gave my boy a teddybear which he is in love with. Thank you. PerryEtty http://t.co/hHPoM6Unf2
Irresistible Force rt @SamiNiemela: What a rollercoaster of emotions. #thegreatescapeartist  @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins
We have a new trampoline rt @chgojoemercado: @EttyLauFarrell , Almost like the shot last year in Columbus, Oh. 2012. http://t.co/gaXxyELYYr
Me as the Marlboro Man? Rt @CuisineEnLocale: TTs in Camb MA, late '80s http://t.co/OxzKkXEiXU
My shorts are actual baby pants rt @paper___trail: Hangs in the hallway of The Filllmore SF.It's a favourite JA shot. http://t.co/JKwS9jy0D6
Does anyone have photos of Jane's Addiction from 25 yrs ago? I am looking for live shots. Please tweet them to me. I'm feeling sentimental.
He's here! (Another Soulmate video) rt @Puunk: @janesaddiction New Jane's Addicition! "Another Soulmate" BRILLIANCE! http://t.co/PyjEFKxZpn"
You are adorable Mikayla! rt @MikkiNicole1020 did you see my sign last night in the crowd?"the janes addiction men are sexy and handsome".
Metalic silver rt @ValeneCabrera you were genius last night!! Did you have on a Burberry coat when you came on stage? http://t.co/PRti9Fu5kM
Sassy to reinterate I am not being crucified- I'm peaceful as a dove my darling @Sassy_CC Didn't you use that "Christ" pic for theRev album?
Wicked rt @SCOTT_MARK @peterdistefano @stephenperkins I’m framing all my cool vinyl starting with this #pornoforpyros http://t.co/KoXtVPXTjy
YES/ Thank U! rt @ColinGray1970 Then She Did an absolute work of genius under-rated modern classic. Need it back in the set &amp; a London date!
Porno stems in the mail TJ! rt @itj57 fantastic visit last night. Let's get busy!
Queenie I am jewish; we don't do crucifixion poses (Chris- me laying around!) rt @QueenieAle any truth in this? ==&gt; http://t.co/88zbNTRD3R …
Loved Enit (plant trees) rt @thebobferguson looking forward to the show tonite. Remember when ENIT was here in NJ? That was cool.
Family rt @carlrestivo @accordeenman Shout out from perry and @ettyfarrell to the Restivo's from the stage at pnc bank arts center in nj..
Atah boy Matt! rt @mattiePeepz @DaveNavarro You guys killed it!! Thank you for making my first concert amazing!!!!! http://t.co/OxXrE0LScS
Then She Did... Could be a go tonight Em rt @emilysahuto look for me tonight!! I'll be wearing my best shirt! ❤❤❤👍👍👍 http://t.co/rdOhOl3UM1
Izzy freaked "I don't want to get sucked over the falls!" After he said"Thanks daddy!" Fathers live for appreciation. http://t.co/NzH1qwaHp9
See u manana dear rt @DollFaceLizz: Stuck working right next door to where you are right now!! Come say hello, drinks on me #DangosSaratoga
http://t.co/MqSXCxK23V rt @ForestImp Can you choose me a song that will keep me  #buoyant all day? Most grateful XxXxX
Do you want to be someone else? What's wrong with being happy with yourself? Rt @Zoxitic: write a song entitled, "Tripping over your ego"
I am truly thankful that I am who I am.. Rt  @Notebookscrawla: If you could be anyone else, who would it be?"
Currently living? @Notebookscrawla: If you could be anyone else, who would it be?
They're.. fine rt @Lolla_GoD: @Pep_Psycho  lolla was a blast, but perry's stage was ridic. puking teens at 1pm? pace yourselves, kiddos.
Give it a few months Mic. When the Jane's n' Chains tour is over rt @PurpleMic: When will we hear some new Porno for Pyros Perry?
"Jane's n' Chains" tour just kicking into gear. A stye in my eye, a sore neck n' back- but heart growing stronger with each Banshee scream!
Circa's Jeff- great man we spoke yesterday rt @alvarock83: Jane's in Chains... oh! and please! bring @circasurvive to Lollapalooza Chile! :D
Let's call this tour Jane's In Chains, or Alice in Jane's? Which do you preffer?
Don't become a homebody rt @Harringtonian: Was at very first Lolla hadnt been since the recent one. Thanks for such a great artistic venture
ah back on a tour bus- my 2nd favorite place to fall sleep. This may be the last tour that my boy builds a Bionicle. http://t.co/7Q9QhnxBgM
My 1st gig rt @LeoBurnettChi: Did #Lolla start as a hot dog stand? Perry and Marc Geiger talk on a Farmhouse Podcast http://t.co/ns9m490U8O
See you next summer Chicago- well now?- see you in 3 weeks when we return with Jane's Addiction... http://t.co/aC9izCWbpO
Met @SteveAoki NYCclub.Hand him cd label DOGSTAR Satellite Party.ThinksDogstar is Keanu Reeves band wouldn't play it! http://t.co/S1fIZDDqCL
I know right? I'd like to cover it w/ Etty one day rt @NateInLa1: Thank u Perry !! Really great love song by Sinatra. http://t.co/AypMMM5jwD
Made a new friend (Jay Mohr) jogging on the beach. Here's our conversation: https://t.co/EIvUeVzUoF
Another Soulmate (you only get one per soul?) rt. @Zoxitic: @perryfarrell what's the title of the new song?
Minutemen only in length. It's Zep in pace and charge. rt @Erickson222: awesome! Minutemen style? so it's punk paced??
The 6th of August. It's a quicky- 2:30 in length (Minutemen style kinda) rt @Erickson222 @perryfarrell when can we hear the new Jane's song?
I am going to watch them all (true) rt @somedaysforever: will you be watching the Cure next Sunday? Or Knife Party? Or Phoenix?
Waiting outside the woman's."UR the most beautiful woman on this island (body blocking). I'll duel a man over my wife http://t.co/90MsJeIneG
All good things must cum to an end rt @mattmatt569 @ConanOBrien "@perryfarrell: Real nut job rt Cool! rt my vasectomy scar!
Don't you think I am a little too honest? rt @PippyPants8 you should have ran for office in 1990 - we may have been saved
@deadmau5 chicken and egg laying in bed. Egg's smoking on a cigarette- looks over and says "well I guess I know the answer to that question"
Real nut job rt @mattmatt569: @perryfarrell @ConanOBrien http://t.co/lGR23BDLEO"
Takes a lot a balls rt @mattmatt569: @perryfarrell @ConanOBrien http://t.co/lGR23BDLEO"
Young at heart Rt @ScottHerkes: @EttyLauFarrell You and Perry look like you're actually getting younger :) Such joyful photos you share.
This video has great style and humor. Love Rachel Welch. Can anyone suggest an up n coming videomaker to work with? https://t.co/JxNX9tG3Zy
I'm starting to vibrate rt @atrumbull: .@perryfarrell lookin' fly in @Suntimes_Splash! http://t.co/kQX3RjLgAl"
People who transport bad songs across state lines should be prosecuted 4 "distributing stupidity" to the public. Do we have laws for this?
Music is physical. Great song changes DNA. Cures cowardice. Makes one decide to charge! A bad song causes lose of hope. Abandon one's dream.
Songs are like a relationship. You start out with such promise. Sometimes it develops into pure joy- sometimes it doesn't meet expectations.
Seems easy to write a song- it's not. Ppl take it 4 granted. May be why there's so much poor music. I'm not sure I can write a great song.
Ends manana. Dobel Tequila will get you into Grant Park. Enter the photo contest to win VIP Lolla tix. Generous.. https://t.co/LUsUwqiLKw …?
Ends manana! rt Dobel Tequila will get you into Grant Park. Enter the photo contest to win VIP Lolla tix.Generous https://t.co/LUsUwqiLKw …?
Porno For Pyros played on the island of Nias before real warriors rt @jaimerockstar where's the most unusual location you've ever performed?
Save the best for last rt @davidgalvan72  I'm listening to ritual dr lo habitual, some of the best work you done! Love the last four songs !
Willie cleans up nicely! rt Watch the video! @johnvarvatos Fall/Winter 2013 campaign featuring @WillieNelson &amp; Sons - http://t.co/MAQNzvX7cx
Then behave rt @EttyLauFarrell: Don't ever reach across the bed to grab your phone in nighty because this may happen. http://t.co/KLvqnnvJnU
Was it a Wednesday? Rt @jasonbrown001: not as inappropriate as Manchester Int. gig in 1989 when you got your..ahem...you remember I'm sure!"
True dat rt @andyastrom: At least the Crocs won't hurt if that "same asshole" throws them at you while you're singing! #aintnoright
I thought I was getting my life back. Things were returning to there original ways but boys love their mommys 4 life. http://t.co/8zpmm3VRfm
Kids love Crocks (pretty damn close). I agonize! Rt @DanKasperzak: Hope he doesn't start wearing Birkenstocks. Does he  understand fashion?"
My son saw me trying on pants for tour and asked, "aren't they a little inappropriate for you"? Do you think that values skip a generation?
Dobel Tequila has a way to get you into Grant Park. Enter the photo contest to win a VIP weekend at Lolla.Generous https://t.co/LUsUwqiLKw…?
Hey Peter- Happy Birthday buddy! Birthday surf and song next week??
@jaymohr37 Jay, How would I get to hear our conversation from last night?
So much left to experience in life huh Jay? rt @jaymohr37: Great seeing you brother. Thank you @EttyLauFarrell Much love to you guys #blumpy
No sooner than I gave those brand new sneakers to Cameron, than Etty walked. In."John Varvatos sent you new Converse! http://t.co/AWTVBQ6YS0
Sorry if you were using the bottle as a tampon Ian rt @IanWilson1981 I love it when u r on telly. You were awesome in that tampon advert.
Such enthusiasm for PFP. Such that I'm considering going out live.Yes? rt @pabloayg Are you really workin' again with Porno For Pyros???!!!!
Someone once put a standard on time, but I feel it speeding up and slowing down. Acts of gravity defiance- drag time. http://t.co/imoXAFQjBI
One of the few that I remember the day rt @AndrewFRuiz: What was your most memorable show you played in LA? Mine was when u played Mt Baldy.
I had been practicing it- but my son ran off with my harp?! Rt @CarrieCCCC: While you are at it add "My Time" and break out the harmonica!
Peter D one of my all time favs rt @Billy_Bojangles: Where does your time w Porno For Pyros rank among other bands? I really like the sound.
Have written it down rt @Crisby76James: Add 1% to the set this summer . would love to hear it. just finished listening to xxx. SOLID JANES"
My life's ambition has been to write songs people fall in love with; have an unbridled desire for. A prized possession they'll never lose.
I reckon it would make a mean margi- but who has time? OTR rt @bri_NBD: @perryfarrell dobel on the rocks, or does it make a mean margarita?"
A most underrated song. I am thinking to perform rt @m0tar: @Longjon2 you already did, the next song on the album. 3 Days into Then She Did.
Never? I myself have had to lay down quite a few times. I'd like to write another one like it. rt @Longjon2 I never get tired of Three Days.
Dobel Tequila has a way to get you into Grant Park. Enter the photo contest to win a VIP weekend at Lolla.Generous  https://t.co/YDeIbducyf?
I was listening to you -getting ready for the day! Rt @GuyGerber: I have all the jane's addiction records in vinyl and still a massive fan .
So Cal livin is a Great Escape Jay. @jaymohr37 @EttyLauFarrell @Sillywhite
Don't let everyone know your moves. Beause by the time you finally make your move- they are already there and they've taken the best spots.
Was in RocknRoll heaven last night. Elvis's band. Elvis had a Beatles haircut. I giggled. They kicked me out. Sorry Elvis, I love you but..
Perhaps this summer rt @mizzbenita213: @janesaddiction @perryfarrell Will I ever hear this live? http://t.co/U1CQ78Ose3
I am so much nicer, and so much .happier when I am allowed to sleep for as long as I need to. Why don't I sleep more often? I am going to ..
Rarely have I met a truly generous person- but I have met a few. They seem un fazed by mere gravity. Deserved of becoming a heavenly star.
Must learn how to duck dive rt @NateInLa1: "People won't leave u alone..they are either trying to get your money..or just get your FUN"- PF
I had a dream last night that I sailed on the sea   bringing music to each place. I was taught how to prepare fish, nothing bad happened..
Looking for John Hice. I accidentally grabbed his computer off the conveyer belt today at the LAS term. D TSA checkpoint. Can anyone help?
No, just an altercation with Airport Security over wifes Tom Ford perfume rt So glad no car jacking situation like last year!! #edmbiz
@Southwestair I was stuck in security. My wife at the gate came to retrieve my ID and ticket. As she returned they shut the door in her face
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder. I do love this place, I love this fellow, and I so love the woman in the cave http://t.co/m6BjxoH6dC
"Why so sad"? "It's so pretty here- I'm sad to leave". "Now you know how something so pretty can make you feel sad". http://t.co/yacI3w5PYM
The big back shadow of Jr. Gong Damian Marley on stage last night in Hawaii. Doesn't that sound like fun? Was http://t.co/6BVodBvJeA
Her date wrapped her wrist band too tight. "I'm fine. If it's a matter of fixing this or a beer- I'll take a beer". http://t.co/R1BcqMiJ7N
I hope they never fight over a woman but it's likely they will. Izzadore gave her the flowers that I handed him. http://t.co/sGXteya9Ij
Hard life easy tonight rt @Nayrb_Shannon: I Play My First Show On Guitar Tonight...Will You Please Wish Me The Best, It Would Mean Alot!!!"
Picks Picks rt @Kalina_Lin: @perryfarrell: This is fun...what would my spirit name be?"
Goes a long way rt @hornsandpawsup: I saw @RealAliceCooper   yesterday, made sure people knew who I was loyal to. http://t.co/Cr8vQ8bZ65"
"Stops Tracks" Way she walk she stop men dead As she move they move head Talk to her she no talk back (Stops Tracks) http://t.co/t3DPDU0uLo
Stop Tracks, because when she walks men stop dead in their tracks. Rt. @DJ_AM1973: so whats ettys spirit name then??  Does she have one yet?
There has been a lot of marital discussions going on around us. This is my wife. I also love her mind very much. http://t.co/1GPe8SU9AT
Tonight: I have given my children their spirit names. Smack Face and Punt Butt. Both are unconscious and asleep- can't really argue.
Out of the virtual- amongst the beauty of nature. Rt  @EttyLauFarrell #oahutoday #daytrip Have a glorious day! http://t.co/dRJCJgBWE1"
The reef I am staying on is showing swell. It makes my heart swell. I am going to surf with my childhood friend today http://t.co/77HQLqAOzB
Alex, why the Cheshire cat grin? I am trying not to show the tooth I just knocked out- remember? Oh yes. Good job... http://t.co/KV02E2SAqp
One of the rocks is not a rock- but a turtle. Turtles seem sad- like they are crying but they are actually show offs. http://t.co/9X4ACEaXAV
Etty was told that if she saw a rainbow today- it would mean that Lukani is thinking about her rt @EttyLauFarrell: http://t.co/S0otvorIRZ"
I allow them to dress however they want to. My part, I fill them in on things they encounter- like who's Bob Marley? http://t.co/udozMip1y4
I am there right now rt @WawrykMC: My #favorite song FOREVER ❤ @perryfarrell http://t.co/yrSCfhNOG4"
A great pic of me! (behind the hot chick) rt @EttyLauFarrell: That may be @perryfarrell as a speck in the ocean. http://t.co/YNQ9DA61yC"
There's good drama, and bad drama. Drama from people, and then there is dramatic nature. That's the kind I like. http://t.co/Jel2gd0cXQ
Looking thru his yearbook-Trying to explain to my boy why some girls are so mean to him. It may mean they like you. http://t.co/AelsJquqE7
Lately we've been traveling light. No bags to check in. Makes such a difference. Also, small airports- love them. http://t.co/Yctmwg8LAq
Sorry 2 go back n forth- these pink peppercorns in the tequila and grapefruit are so damn nuevo. Must hunt them down. http://t.co/C2nUYxEg6o
I am an admitted foodie. After all the restaurants I have eaten at- with their wild ingredients- my tummy  yearns today for a simple menu.
Uncork at Lolla! @Stein___: Heard this quote- can't get it out of my head: PF said The Cure's songs have "aged like fine wine". #TrueDat
I love your name! rt @JEZOandAEHLEX: @johnvarvatos dope photo  miss hangin with the Venice crew..ever meet the bird man on Alvarado?
A lovely #.. Rt @MartinDcousins: Last tune of the night comes from PF #shekina , Perry rocks, time to get back to the UK
@NatGeo
@hornsandpawsup  I do hear Eric has made some very sour comments about us. And it effected me for about 45 seconds. And that was it.
Stairway wildcats! Rt @NicoleAtkins: I sang with my fuckin role model and met his rad as hell wife! @perryfarrell http://t.co/Y7FWjhnSAF
My @ettylaufarrell says truly kind men greet her sincerely without me being there. Caleb and Albert are both good men http://t.co/gKvszZwC2N
Left New York @ 13. At the time- I didn't know if my friends were true. I wondered all these years. Tonight I decided- I love my NYC friends
Some of us repel the rain. When you are a little girl in rain boots and coat- you stomp the puddles. That was awesome http://t.co/QDL9cGtL1H
I am coming in today John rt @johnvarvatos: Amazing behind the scenes shot from 2008 Ad Campaign  #tbt #nyc #bowery http://t.co/QQNQKczX3E"
Never issued a flash flood warning on my cell phone?! Exciting! Eating @ Mario's new Casa Mono. Tommy's not coming. http://t.co/f4uHQxjOng
Jacob Etty n' I in front of the Bowery Ballroom. It's been a long time- but felt like we saw each other yesterday https://t.co/AOBA7wJy42
Being buried in sand feels cool but cramped. Watching Izzy n" buds @ The Jonathan Club's Father n Son Camp out invite http://t.co/vmRZLOwl8h
One good thing about visiting Napa and the winery. It gave me the headroom to start my memoirs. Think I must return. http://t.co/gFjD6MuYHj
Kindness bestowed. upon my family rt@JonesSherivb: let me be the 1st Napian 2 say" we were glad 2 have you come back soon! #winecountryrocks
That was easy rt @shawnzizzo: Thanks @DaveNavarro @BottleRockNapa http://t.co/nZKClgmABJ
Sean Parker you made me feel like Frank Sinatra. (The rooms at St. Helena in the Napa Valley) http://t.co/cOZkBXoHHw
@billmaher or call the girls and welcome them back to the real world...
B&amp;B Ristorante in Las Vegas where one of my all time favorite artists @Mariobatali presents world renouned creations. http://t.co/kXHS9f1dPF
U R an artist! Thx for taking care rt @RidingShotgunLA: @robgarzamusic What up Etty and Perry! Thanks for making Aframe you spot.
Going thru the pockets now rt @djcalico 'good time' I'm sure is a drastic understatement.
I want and I have rt @John_Arena Every time I hear #underground by @janesaddiction I want a shot of tequila @perryfarrell #dobel
Ask her.. rt @cameronalissa: Haha I hope you know his wife is also on twitter. RT @ashnilmeier: For an older guy Perry is still kinda hot ?
Rub a Dub Delay Unit! @Notebookscrawla: What accessories would be included with a Perry Farrell action figure?
Invasion! Rt rt @Discotropics: Thank you @JoachimGarraud here for the incredible party yesterday night at Tropics http://t.co/7z1d9Er7d9
This track will touch you way down inside rt @PapaAaron: #NowPlaying  - Whole Lotta Love ♪ https://t.co/yXBDE9Y8um
This very evening Dhana rt @dhanaDANG: Dogs Rule the Night, sir!
Boxing up my wardrobe to put into storage. A final peek- jogs my memory. I sure had a good time in those clothes... http://t.co/Mlteg8dYUc
Pete just took a swim here @ The Rock house- now ready to record some Porno. Came upstairs dressed as Brian Jones. http://t.co/e5BPN6CJcM
Where'd you find him? Rt @shawnjuan1: My favorite freak! @perryfarrell http://t.co/6uI4mEqtgz"
If it were the road leading to my house, I would suggest that they allow me to write my name out in cursive... http://t.co/OMZdjDlRfa
See you my friend, You were such a good companion. Nothing you wouldn't do to make us feel more welcome. Just landed. http://t.co/EGhzBNtj66
Ole! RT @EttyLauFarrell: Lovely day to end our 2wk SA @lollapalooza trip. Lunch &amp; helicopter ride @ Chilean coastline http://t.co/qXVlqSdbjn
As always, it was so good to see you again Mikki rt @mikkilusardi: Una de mis favoritas. #Lollapalooza2013 con http://t.co/Yurc3Qgh1J
With sweetheart @EttyLauFarrell  Where you off to Steve? rt @steveaoki: Lolla Chile hang time @deadmau5 @perryfarrell http://t.co/VskEk1uP6x
Many factors in life lead to awesomeness. For a wave rider, it may be a gorgeous point break with no one else out... http://t.co/cjOem4pLM4
This is the helocopter I keep in my back yard (not really). I'm going to Punto Lobo... http://t.co/0sFVCET8kM
Sounds delicious. Rt @CatManDoo2: come to the uk and try jellied eels pie and liquor ;0) #shamelesstryatgettingjanestotheuk
Lunch at Aqui-Esta-Coco. The monster on the wall. "This is conger". "I love it. Taste like lobster,but it's an eel!" http://t.co/KnfEkbWHVi
An untrainable monster rt @Nayrb_Shannon: Much Respect To, "The Man Who Changed Rock n Roll Forever!
Great group rt @negrorubio: @ChevyMetalRocks &amp; Perry- Live @LollapaloozaCL 2013! http://t.co/2G2BXWwpiV
Much love Hato! rt @hatojones: Thanks and all my bless for Lollapalooza 2013, it was brilliant, my daughter enjoyed it very much.
http://t.co/Kc028TRnXV
NO! It was nothing like this rt @Grunge_Girl7: Didn't Perry &amp; Ice T Do Something Like This LL Cool J &amp; Brad Paisley Song In The #90s?
RT @EttyLauFarrell: What legends are make of. @eddievedder @pearljam, @joshhomme @QOTSA,@lollapaloozail http://t.co/PPMKpOT3sm
Today's musical menu: some very Bad Brains, a very Deadmau2, and singing with Chevy Metal's very fun @TaylorHawkins http://t.co/dseSJ4Ijjr
Nice choice selector Eddy. A free world rt @GaryLine: Solo diré: Rocking in a free world  #PearlJam #JoshuaHomme + Fireworks = de en sueño!
She's a beauty rt @AngelaMoncibais: I like 'Perry Farrell - Happy Birthday Jubilee' on @tellyapp http://t.co/3qbm7Gd6zN
Music friends came to dinner w/kind words It meant the world to me. Today, let your friend know what they mean to you http://t.co/DZtJoBhGq4
Not- out of the question rt @MyTwittah: next Porno For Pyros album should be recorded in a haunted bayou with a voodoo jazz backup band.
Loved it! rt @AmynJulia:@MyTwittah serious. Thanx 4 90s rock, lolla, mosh pits. Our Gen didnt have xanix so we punched each other n &lt;3'd it!
Got dumped on my head 4 times (Brazilian beachbreaks) rt @Blogtownbycjg: No mas bad landlord! Closer to beach! Hope you're getting to surf!
It is going well Carol. You moved! No more perverted landlord? @Blogtownbycjg: LOVELY! So happy for you, and hope all is going the greatest!
We all became thoughtful and courageous people- mostly, I was just outside the crowd rt @MyTwittah: Thank U for leading a generation. #1990s
Asked how 2 fire signs can maintain such a long loving friendship. "We seek out calming effects to keep us cool". Rio http://t.co/lzbb6GbHgU
You make me yearn for the stage Robby rt @robbylama69: You In The Moment http://t.co/fctw21D4M3
Great idea! Bottle rock rt @klaxton54: Hope 4 the world, my children &amp; theirs that your optimism is correct &amp; backed by fate! Bottle Rock It
When has he last smiled? Rt @ronportnoir: Chomsky said he won't be around for the melting permafrost but he might be for nuclear war!
Always has a fun factoid rt @ronportnoir: I saw Noam Chomsky speak last night. He says if/when the permafrost melts humans are finished.
Take as much as you'd like David rt @DavidMuchnikoff: Isn't that Technology called "Jane's Addiction"....???
My friend even told me about a technology that receives pressure from traffic and crowds- and transfers it to energy. http://t.co/VrUNBkWQAk
Wish I was around when the entire world lives off of free energy from the sun, wind, and ocean. I'll be long gone... http://t.co/CAO3OwjJhb
On the way Jorge. I'll be dinning with friends tonight rt @JorgeVallejos85: when you come to chile? @LollapaloozaCL"
I'm in Rio rt @tseames: @DaveNavarro @BOOMBOXINHAND spotted you in NYC. Called &amp; said "Guess Who I Just Saw" Perry my first guess, then U!
I'm calling for a wine tour rt @Redlookie: @perryfarrell @BottleRockNapa can't wait
Getting closer rt @Jambey: mmmm...good God's urge - my favorite #Bali http://t.co/S9MHmsnF0U
The time of my life in Bali.. rt @jeffilano: when will u bring Lolla to my beloved Asia....u can surf Bali as a bonus!
Sounding like a proud serial killer rt @lollafence: @Djordje: Everyone depressed about Lolla being sold out has clearly never hopped a fence
Normal is the worst rt @madkatter13: @michiganmelissa my happy thoughts always have a Janes Addiction song in the background. Normal?
Amazing byproduct Rob! Rt  @robbylama69: a byproduct of the last time I saw you. Till the next time. Thanks brother. http://t.co/3yDVIXtft5
His eyes were still sparkling rt @robbylama69: U ran into Norwood biking and he said Rob(me) says Hi.Congrats on taking Lolla international.
I just wish love and happiness lasts longer (for all of us) rt @MichiganMelissa: happy thoughts...happy thoughts."
Ok Fran.. Let's not forget to take pictures rt @fran_gaete: don´t think about sadness. Think about this great weekend in Chile...amazing!
My favorite pictures of all are the ones that capture two people happy in love. They are also sad- as we all know the way happiness fades.
Have been forever rt @MarcSparrow: Have my tickets. I'll be there." Love that Perry, singer of the best bona fide rock band, is a Cure fan.
Already have my tickets. You'll see me there. Rt @RiverosVictor: yes..you can enjoy a the cure concert on tuesday before they play lolla :)"
Yes Jul, that's what I did; and with yogurt. Yum! Rt @Julineida: mixed with fruits and honey they are delicious!
Sounds refreshing Vic rt @RiverosVictor: Have breakfast in Paraguay! You can also visit iguazu falls, one of the seven wonders of the world!
A delicious looking selection of seeds and grinds at  Brazilian breakfast. I am going to find a way to use them. http://t.co/bEkXztSHN2
It feels so good knowing you love me. Thx Shona! rt @shonaroffel: I wonder if knows how much I love him...and his music, of course!
Looked up to him then and still do rt @djgenewolf:my big brother held on to my hands, and he made me slap my own face #straightfuckinclassic
Vivid dreams rt @plaidflannel: Holy shit PF has done it again. Jealous of everyone going to Lollapalooza, this lineup is outta my dreams!
Nor are the people. And the city always comes through as well Rt @AmandaGbur: Got my 3 day passes. Lineup is never a let down!
Staying up all night every night in Sau Paulo. We got a night's sleep in Buzios. I am in a hamock. A hamock.. http://t.co/fimLh7Bvbo
Don't leave rt @ChrisMIKS: Thanks for making another great lineup! Looks like only Friday for me this year. May do Saturday for @mattandkim
Me too. (Down by sea). Both very pretty. rt @fran_gaete: just waiting to Lollapalooza Chile.
Cause UR nice rt @djcalico: So besides feeding a stingray with my daughter, I got 2 replies from Perry one of my all time favs. #helluvaday
Great schools rt @djcalico: good times, cold drinks, and Red Sox opener. I dont chalk you up as a Boston fan though ;) #LoveUMan
What's runnin' out there? Rt @djcalico: we are in Key West, come down and let me buy you a drink and a Cuban!
Hi buddy rt @RiverosVictor: Happy B Day!Hope u had a great time!We love you in Paraguay!!, we met at Dutch in Miami! http://t.co/Jg65f63kYE"
My Hero rt @WHWilly: March 29 - The birthday of Perry Farrell and Walt Frazier - Major influences; men of style, and game - Happy BDAY!
Delivered! Rt @arthurguerra_: Hives vai fazer sideshow pro Lolla Chile mas não fez no Brasil. estou de olho
Pearl Jam tonight rt @dirtycherie: THANKS PERRY! THANK YOU, YOU BROGHT THE BEST FESTIVAL TO BRAZIL! VIVA LOLLAPALOOZA!
Ideas are valuable to me rt @esteban_krrasco:I like that your you do not put the value of the income, but I think that it is an excess.
Making great friendships rt @Julineida: how's Brazil treating you this second time? I hope well. Cheers and let's have a beer at #lollabr
LOVING DJ Marky's set. TWO bands on stage with him. #whenmusicmovesyou Literally!
@WayneCoyne thinks I'm a Brazilian gangster operating as Perry Farrell Spent some of the best moments of our lives together. Looking good WC
Walking off at customs- smiling familiar faces. Hi Eddie, you're the best man. Welcome to Sao Paulo...
Quailegg burgers! rt @grahamelliot @courtneybjorn @EttyLauFarrell YAY!!  Can't wait to cook for ya
I hear there is an exellent job of building the festivsal this year rt @robfreres what do you expect for this edition of #LollapaloozaChile
Right you are Guilherme. (Chile was previous years). See you in Brazil rt @GSAGuedes Actually that's Lolla Brazil, Chile is next week! =)
My birthday falls on Lolla Chile time.. March 29th rt @pbarendt @lollapalooza Ok, how many of us are there in the #LollaBirthday club?
Lolla 3 day Tix, VIP and Platinum Passes went on sale this morning. This gave me the same butterflies as I get just before I go on stage.
Learn the rules like a pro- so you can destroy them like an artist. (I didn't write it- but I stole it).
What's it about Eddie O?  Rt @WHWilly: Did you watch Search For Sugarman? Its such a wonderful tale - true artist in that artist way"
Welcome rt @Mr_Peteroy:  listening to one of the best songs of all time. 3 days jane's addiction. Got to be worth thanking PF @DaveNavarro"
Don't get me wrong, I love love my spacey life. It's just that there are a few black holes you have to watch out for.
Unexpectedly Horrific. rt @DavidianVision: Pictures would help, yes. We all want to see what the day to day life of the Perry looks like!
Can't tell you rt @ecu_ox: Do those secret plans involve another US Tour? Hope so...
Do I need pictures? @DavidianVision: you should get on Instagram. Try it...It will make you feel good. Come on Perry...Just Do It
How can you stop the rain from falling down? @jaimerockstar: how do you mend a broken heart? :["
Secret plans rt @DavidianVision: I was at the New Years Eve show in A.C., I  am already going through Janes withdrawals. Any plans for 2013?
Who are the main character actors? @Nayrb_Shannon: Yes They Stole Your Reservation!!!"
They took my rez? Rt @Nayrb_Shannon: They Went To A Restaurant On The Show &amp; Said It's Reserved For Perry Farrell From Jane's Addiction
Dance tracks forthcoming so Arg. Plz have me! Rt @eze222:  Hola Perry. Are u coming to Argentina this year? Te esperamos a vos y a DJ Peretz
And Debbie Harry rt @habiaunchorrito: lo que uno encuentra. ♫ "The Patience Bossa" by @perryfarrell http://t.co/2sokKSYCtI
Ok.. Thanks, Jose rt @JLCatapano:  @macbarker careful with your belongings and your life in this country... :(
All weekend rt @MacBarker: are you coming to Brazil for ~ Lolla 2013 ~ next week?
Hopefully In a kind light? Rt @Nayrb_Shannon: They Just Mentioned Your Name @perryfarrell On The T.V. Show #Yes Dear
There's always snowmobiling Amy rt @AmynJulia: fun! Im surrounded by beautiful powder snow.. In the flat mid-west... Wishing for a mountain!
Keeping your cool. Rt @jeaninemartin: @EttyLauFarrell  both should write a book on life, love and parenting . I would read it ! #coolparents
Bananas good rt @hotlead: best memory:1996 #ENITFestival only kids in parking lot. U came over to chat. You were hungry. I gave you a banana
It seems like forever- preparing for our snowboard run- but now riding the mountain in Whistler; it was worth all the effort...
Yes no rt @DavidMuchnikoff: Did I really just see you in a Tequila commercial, or is it time to put bong down/switch weed??? #WasThatReal ?"
His spirit lives rt @DaGeezman: @richardpatrick9 @chadro74 @dobeltequila In the immortal words of Jeff Spicoli, Awesome, totally awesome!"
They sure know what they are doing. RT @EttyLauFarrell: I really love it here at @araxirestaurant..everything has been stellar all the way.
A Pyros Show rt  @IndicaNinja: @richardpatrick9 @chadro74 @dobeltequila I called it yo... Saw JA on Ninja Tour, would love 2c a Pyros show.
Richard, We have tracks forthcoming rt @richardpatrick9: @perryfarrell @chadro74 @dobeltequila would love to see more Porno For Pyros!!"
In this case a Jane's single rt @chadro74: @dobeltequila is this for Jane's or another venture?
Smooth tracking, smooth vocals w @Dobeltequila. Smooth song forthcoming. http://t.co/yAPbRsPM7J
1841 A "cad" is short for "cadet" Originally used as servants at British Universities. Unfit to have sex with well bred women. That's me..
I love being on ESPN. Try the tequila (Dobel)- tastes like vanilla rt "@CaryWhitt: that was a nice tequila ad. Cool footage, albeit quick."
Thanks @sweetmonique for finding my wedding band (In travel toiletry bag). Now I know what a cad feels like. Next question is- what's a cad?
I have it now Carol rt @Blogtownbycjg: @EttyLauFarrell @TheBearfoot @perryfarrell AWESOME! bring that trick back home! xxx"
Andre, and he's dangerous rt @EttyLauFarrell: Sabering champagne with our new friend @thebearfoot @perryfarrell http://t.co/ytoIENofeV"
My son asked if we can go barefoot inside? Rt @EttyLauFarrell: Just realized @perryfarrell spent our 3rd wedding anniversary @thebearfoot."
My finger feels like it's letting the family down rt @dannyboyskinner: still love her right? - what does the ring prove? #hitthosemountains"
We left this morning for Whistler- but I could not find my wedding band. I felt like an ass hole.
Hipsters are catching on younger and younger these days; although he still thinks that mommy pooped him out. http://t.co/v6FPJod8k7
Alas dear Veronica, my heart belongs to another... @FCVerito @FCVerito  do you remember me? I ask you to marry me.
I am consumed by the looping delays I've created live on the spot. rt @Spacekat69 what is your favorite vocal effect in your live shows?
Our friend has a BDay wine tasting this weekend. Will report! rt @staceysmiz @bash912 I love this fat Rex Goliath Cab, w/ 50 #GoldMedals.
Amaze! rt @fotorockchile check this out my dear, #lolla expo in Chile:http://t.co/MNaAh9bJTS
Thanks for the memories! rt @AnonChingShih Perry w Babs (Riverside Promoter) at the aftershow party at The Cooperage http://t.co/UTcpPmEYY5
Different wines for different occasions. Recently Italians( smell of tobacco and cherries)  rt @bash912 what's your favorite red wine?
I am daddy barber. Bangs ala Yolandi Visser rt @ihearttomford: Who, may I ask, is responsible for hacking the shit outta that kid's bangs?"
They fooled me and the  bartender with plastic edible mustaches http://t.co/Qy9KJRAW
We're getting together friday rt @robferreira: Looking forward to new record that pf promised. How's it going. @DaveNavarro @JanesAddiction
U R a genius! rt @DavidMuchnikoff: My sons &amp; I  took the packaging from our DEVO action figures froze em, and now we have DEVO ice cubes..."
Big ice cubes finish off a modern drink so well.
Yes!  A muddled pims @sohohouse.  So regreshing. With my funtime gal @EttyLauFarrell
Hungry rt @EttyLauFarrell: I am feeling @osteriamozza before @soundgarden tonight. PF how do you feel?"
Today is greatest RT @EttyLauFarrell: Popped my @spotify cherry w/ the @perryfarrell approved @SmashingPumpkin - Siamese Dream. @Billy
When is the best time to snowboard? Rt @ciordonez: @beaca31 yeah! I was born in Patagonia, best outdoors ever, cheers from Chicago!"
"@ciordonez: @perryfarrell @beaca31 yeah! I was born in Patagonia, best outdoors ever, cheers from Chicago!"
I have my eyes on Patagonia rt @beaca31: come and visit to Patagonia you will love the outdoors here
I hear the groundhog came out from his hole early. That means it will be an early spring. I like being outdoors. I need to be outdoors.
Pete &amp; I have been hangin rt @Mingo424 @peterdistefano  my 7yo &amp;I were listening to P4P &amp;she says "I like this-feels like the Beatles"
Match made in heaven @wineclubmgr @wineclubmgr @janesaddiction Stoked to see @janesaddiction @ Napa Valley's @bottlerocknapa music festival!
Congratz Baltimore... Kaepernick is still a super hero.
Now this is a Super Bowl! Go SF! Kaepernick is a super hero!
Yes, It's too hard not too rt @RebeccaPrus: Also spotted at the LA Art Show (@LAartShowSEEN): P.F. Buy anything P?"
Happy Anniversary @EttyLauFarrell. New painting U bought greeted me @ the bottom of the stairs this morning. http://t.co/RUSYDt20
P.Hook has new JD memiors. good read for sure . @JKwirant: would love to hear a joy division tribute album according to you,"
Do you put together great presentations using a Mac? What software do you use? I am using Powerpoint. Is there a more creative software?
Invite us back Sharpie rt @sharpkaraer: hey Perry! Perform again in Turkey. It has been almost 3 years since you played and we missed a lot!
Tom's friend's backyard w Tom cooking rt @TheMikeFinn: @tomcolicchio @HookedUpShow. Where was the restaurant u ate at in the end? Lazy days?
No contest Rt @QuiteSwimmingly: @tomcolicchio fishing w/PF vs. John Lurie fishing w/ @tomwaits on #fishingwithjohn ?
I'm there!(Where to go?) rt@MerzMark: @tomcolicchio @hookedupshow Any chance of fly fishing Montana? Good show!
NYE I made a vow to try and not waste so much time so I took a helicopter to Atlantic City and back. http://t.co/0sozKjVg
Hooking a shark &amp; talking @janeaddiction w/ one of my favorite chefs @tomcolicchio on new episode of @hookedupshow: http://t.co/ex4eMG8l
All the time rt @Mafia_Marz66: do you ever think about the days when you used to dj? all that grew up playing records have a DJ inside us
No salt, or hot butter.. rt @chrispettiet: @blairs1 I agree, Perry, do something interesting. The music scene is too blah!! Entertain us!!
Me too. Wanna write a new song. Luv those guys rt @blairs1: any hope for new porno for pyros? music or shows? bro would love to see them.
Sometimes I wish I was dreaming rt @CandyBrowneyes: is it too soon to be having lolla dreams?
Everyone's nice in Costa Rica rt @Brad_Gillette: awesome guy in person. Great meeting you at the San Jose airport. See you in Chicago.
@fun4dsx2000 no surf tweets until I have left the area. Love surfing with just friends...
Was just there  fishing! (and eating fish) with @tomcolicchio rt @Deadshanks Key West, FLA
Did not tell wife how big bugs are here. She's not a fan.Ended up loving it.Has she turned a corner? http://t.co/pjpS8PN7
Had a wonderful vacation at a place that you would like to share? We are always planning trips...
No but he taught me a thing or to about pacing rt @ChicagoTImmyB I think that guy managed you guys at one point ;) http://t.co/2b4eLEOv
We made many new friends on this vacation. People appreciate it when you remember their name... http://t.co/2b4eLEOv
Always squeals. RT @EttyLauFarrell: My @perryfarrell always aims for the dimples.  http://t.co/XzJyhyC5
My wife looks so pretty w hardly any makeup. When I suggest this she panics. Beautiful, looking great looks effortless. http://t.co/ifsQ2j3V
This is my favorite brand of coconut water. Straight off the tree. Pick the green ones and have a really sharp machete. http://t.co/FNvSXolR
Behind the scenes clips from our day at the beach with @Hyundai and #RollingStone http://t.co/usMHmy10 (We drive a Hyundai in Costa Rica)
What are you doing watching? rt @rchlwilliams your music is on hallmark channel tv advert for law &amp; order in the uk...is that ok with you??
work for it , do not ask for it rt @hornsandpawsup  My B Day today Words of wisdom from one of my favorite artists would make it a great day
I had Fr. toast w pineapple this morning rt @SidneyCorrick Hope 2013 is great for you and your family. Your music makes living more magical
My friends rt @Yearofthedragon @flea333 @Todd_Newman @Dave_Navarro @GregHetson @MoheakRadio With HELLRIDE..mark your calendars..
with friends rt @zeane_ @janesaddiction @EttyLauFarrell davenavarro #underground perfect song to start my day!! http://t.co/CyM0TOto
Joe G. inside dry walls courtesy of OccupySandy.We were invited back for bbq when the weather turns warmer. http://t.co/aJ8IvQEl
A big help! They're in the right place again rt @EttyLauFarrell @musicforoccupy My men at Rocaway with OccupySandy.  http://t.co/4gUuvblQ
Did he plant a good one on you last night? rt @shertz @EttyLauFarrell  loved this - happy new year!! http://t.co/rZGew8yH
Little italy's Puglia singing "That's Amor" w/my first drink (Galliano- from the family liquor cab.) http://t.co/bPNKIsnV
Keep it Jenn. Someone gave it to me. rt @JennsAddiction is this the bracelet? I gave u mine u said I could keep!? Xo http://t.co/LYvlJeKL
I like the idea rt @dylyn  You should bring your family and Janes Addiction and come to South Africa in 2013 and experience the real deal !
The diaramas at the Museum Of Natural History make you feel like you're out on the African plains, w/ wild animals... http://t.co/4SsMoc95
And I lost it @ last night's show! @Lrn2Fly1: you're wearing the bracelet I gave you when you played in Brooklyn! http://t.co/X3qIroX5"
Like me, she can never be face to face with Perry (but he's always looking over her shoulder) http://t.co/FhXKdeDJ
@TABtheBand @EttyLauFarrell @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins TAB has a  strong kick to their music. Really enjoyed having them on board.
When I was a boy, I took the train into the city with my father. It was the best time I spent w him. http://t.co/HaPLGdBg
http://t.co/xDhCat7H
New favorite source of travel- trains. A certain class and seduction attached to the old railway stations. Union Station, Wash. DC to NYC
Our highest wish for you.Having the time to spend with your family... Happy New Year From Perry,@EttyLauFarrell Hez&amp;Izz http://t.co/yMLG1JNo
I took in what is most magical and presto- I am young again. Rest, you are always there to forgive me...
Pretty funny afterall (no one  injured badly).The typacal check in turns into room keys being flung across the sky. Exhilarating.
Oh goodie, they aren't taking my tour manager to jail.
Advise from bartender."You don't have to lose control". Our tour manager is being detained momentarily for fisticuffs. On the road again,
I tried to decide if I came through on last year's resolution, but I couldn't remember what it was. Must write this one down...
Good to have uRT @TABtheBand: Psyched-opening for @JanesAddiction, @DaveNavarro &amp; tomorrow nite at @930Club. Info here: http://t.co/cnryu6RO
Win my hand drawn and signed Epiphone guitar from my friends at @dobeltequila TEQUILA! http://t.co/PTJXLTx3 http://t.co/avtwNzQT
The worlds longest water slide CR. Travel advisory quotes we found later.. "I dislocated my shoulder" "I broke my neck" http://t.co/hAYehFiU
Etty's guanabana &amp; passion fruit Goose worth a strong sip. RT @EttyLauFarrell: 2x happy hour in Tamarindo  http://t.co/kD4A0m7F
The surf was warm, the sunset epic. Time for a beer @westin Costs Rica.
Waking out of the water in Costa Rica, iguanas are on the sand water. Thank you @westin Costa Rica for a fabulous 1st day.
Great co. RT @EttyLauFarrell: Pre birthday dinner with my NYC family @ #prime112 in #miami w/ @rmastrosimone @NURKHAN1 http://t.co/gWGpVdlU
The Farrell’s rocked it out for Hyundai in the latest issue of @RollingStone. Your family can too http://t.co/8es8ei4A  #MyFamilyRocks
Happy (as a fish) rt @Farradelica My man PF never missed a beat. Amazed by his depth. Deep as the ocean brother. (::) http://t.co/qWfNZ2BC
My boys along with their friends (all fists extended) now understand the power and excitement of "rocking out". http://t.co/hBg6spZX
New meaning to a song rt @John_Arena @janesaddiction hit a home run  @MLBNetwork with "Irresistible Force". #postseason #legendsareborn #MLB
Jane's Dead Beatle Blood http://t.co/iiGvLGKu
Thx. I want to own a print rt @jaredgressley Perry - when JA played Bflo  u said u wanted to see a picture of Niag Falls frozen. Here ya go!
Sometimes I just have nothin' to say rt @lda3443 missed your tweets recently!
May I call you Horny? rt @here_comes_B @Ambersonian  When did PF get so shredded?!?! I was seriously distracted by those abs.
Opportunity 4 a new life rt @Pkittytrisha @DaveNavarro I hope I can glue my face back together after PF &amp; DN rocked it off. Amazing SF show
Have the Kardashians run out of childrens? rt @poptweetsgame Perry Farrell is the most iconic celeb of the day on #poptweets
I'd bring it all rt @ssuede @EttyLauFarrell so I was right about AC 12/31/2012. I'll bring the champagne :-))
My Boardwalk Empire. When you sit in a liquor filled room, you can feel the power of the fluid shaking in the bottles. http://t.co/quscznhp
Watching your paramour discover for themselves the joy you find in the outdoors- brings out the sweetness in life. http://t.co/Qixp4Lux
Some day Sam rt @samisurfs looks amazing! Been to Nicaragua? I'm here now and the surf is incredible and uncrowded! Horseback riding too!
Yes horses are cheaper than cars. About to enter the jungle (using the beach entrance). Mexican Birthday for Izzaadore. http://t.co/KICIcx4s
we did Keith in Reno! Rt “@Hawkswill: @perryfarrell Cool DUDE.  You and Yonover ever get together?  Waikiki Pool bar Keith”
Thanks Adam Newness all around rt “@AdamAlt: @perryfarrell L'Shanah Tovah! Blessings to u and the family!”
I do draw a very bright crowd. Heated; our desires Flames off of molten lava thrusting  Up and Out. "Glorious moment".. http://t.co/nt5yqkC6
Painful rt@SpamAvocado @1Messyjessy Haha RT @1Messyjessy: PF would say “I got some bad shit” @SpamAvocado #BadKeg 😂 http://t.co/RX1jhgA1
It's contagious- right? rt @marcmalfredo  How bout Jim Nasium? Dick Gazinya?
Pleasures of men rt @KennedyIV @perryfarrell http://t.co/RnQQVMzT
It's a spark rt @_GuerrillaRadio @tunein #NP #NowPlaying on #GuerrillaRadio / @PerryFarrell - Whole Lotta' Love / listen with @TuneIn app
There goes my 1 ally HBD Joseph rt @JosephRider13 Met u few years ago while i worked for rock n roll hof would be honor to get a bday tweet.
Then put your pants on and go outside rt @bookshelfplans It is far past that point now.
Go @ her strong 2x If she's anykind of woman, she'll reject you once more rt @bookshelfplans I wish; I don't know who that is. It's tough.
I think I know her. Is her name Alpha Kewanabeech? @bookshelfplans http://t.co/ksKcmCgV … The woman this song is about really has my heart.
Both believe their more popular (than they really are). rt  @ManolisZontanos Politician are like coke heads. Talk a lot/ never have a point.
Comeback for when boys ask can they have  a pet. "1st, stop behaving like an animal; become a young man. U can't care for animals (if UR1)?.
Alpha Kuehard? she's still absent? rt @MekoKoz I dont even wanna admit how long it took me to decipher the 'Alpha Kenywon'. Sheesh.
That reminds me rt @WTPnEvents Hello from Miami to my fav rock star! R U working on dance tracks like "Song yet to be sung"? It is summer..
@GerrySandusky Hey Gerry, What is your middle name/initial? Put it to use and your problem is solved.
Got that from my barber Cy DeBurns rt @MekoKoz I dont even wanna admit how long it took me to decipher the 'Alpha Kenywon'. Sheesh.
John, do you know my friend Dwane De Lezard? rt @ssuede you forgot to mention Yousana Vabich
Isn't it!?! rt @rosecharlie alpha kenywon took me a few tries... That is awesome!
I hope you felt great in his arms rt  @JessKartalija We danced to "Awesome" as our first song at our wedding...
Here are a few prank names for substitute teachers: Alpha Kenywon, Peter Pantz, Harry Pitts. I didn't give these to you http://t.co/j2WwCfyj
Show time! "@EttyLauFarrell All the yummy goodness of coconut water while delivering caffeine. Brilliant @cococafe! http://t.co/PspcqK2Z"
Could not leave myself alone rt @quickmusicfacts ron Maiden, Black Sabbath, Bad Co. and Porno For Pyros have songs named after themselves.
Let's end it there rt @G_Hutt Can only hope Ocean Size is on the set list tonight at #DoheneyDays Can't wait!!! @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins
TRYING to find a ride,? not the road (I hope) @1Messyjessy Trying 2 drive home from Vegas so I can see @janesaddiction again miss PF already
I waved at cha' rt @SarasAlkhemy @janesaddiction at @CosmopolitanLV - PF on big screen. Awesome &amp; looking so great! http://t.co/d6lZRfMU
Justin you are very kind and thoughtful (my favorite kind) rt @DJ3one3  hope u enjoy the wine..thanks for a night I'll never forget!
A 1st someone hands me wine rt @DJ3one3 Right in front of the stage with your Margaux. The stage is so far dunno how I can get it to you!
The  set's dressed very Vegas rt @1Messyjessy @DaveNavarro I'm not moving till you get here I love you guys mucho http://t.co/zKigu2qn
Sadly, if that were the case- they wouldn't have made it unlawful ..rt @NURKHAN1 What happens on a balcony ... Stays on a Balcony !!
I love you too rt @THANOELLIS Thank you for the kiss. Sry I had to grab you on stage.. Forgive me, but I just had to tell u I love you.
Our stage being assembled- shot from my balcony.  I didn't think you were allowed out on balconies anymore in Vegas? http://t.co/HC4NEWGj
Sunscreen rt @SCOTT_MARK: We're waiting poolside @perryfarrell @janesaddiction @Cosmopolitan_LV going to be #AMAZ http://t.co/FQNvyvUi
Ours had marching band rt @MissDestructo @EttyLauFarrell @Cosmopolitan_LV @janesaddiction  Hope u got a room w the bellagio fountain view.
We do 2 (on occasion) rt @scottmarino my old band used to close our shows with 3 days. One of our all time favorites. http://t.co/LLHBGCDZ …
My study of equestrian statues proves that it was not an axium @BecauseUAreHere Well, in the statue, the rider... ;)
The singer or the horse? @BecauseUAreHere and if both legs up, then they died, right?
Equestrian statue folklore: If a horse has one leg in the air, the rider (or lead singer) was wounded in battle. http://t.co/gLqFPVYJ
Love your melodies rt @BigBlackDelta Last show tonight with PF and @DaveNavarro watching them every night has been a wet dream come true.
October 26th (when you can B someone else) rt @AKGlass When is your show in Los Angeles? I can't find tix :(
Be rescued; and recieve a warm blanket- stiff drink rt @JessieJessup Hey PF will you finish this sentence "before I die I want to _______"
Often the case rt @scott_al @Matthew1373 1st heard Rituel in '91 the violin was the most difficult song to get to grips with. Love it now.
How the tub remains filled rt @SabrosaPurr : PF said, "Three! FO-UR!!!", and my eyes swelled with Ocean Size tears. Glad no one could see.
Oh, like wife beaters? rt @tarcisiorpc those critiques are nothing but frustrated admiration; Hate is just a repressed kind of Love
Like the evening forcast rt @1Messyjessy Weather for @janesaddiction @ pool in Vegas of course it will be hot with PF http://t.co/9T2kViLJ
We share injuries rt @EttyLauFarrell RT @bohemiandirt: I believe you &amp; P are perfection together with ur Hez and Izzy...it's too beautiful!
no rt @djwilson19 @Drumstylee that would mean Janes is hangin em up? #plzgod no
Yes, more violin rt @Matthew1373 The violin in "of course" on "ritual de la habitual" is amazing. I've always loved that song.
That I would even consider the critiques of men without vision or good intentions. rt @tarcisiorpc perry, what are you most afraid of?
Thinking about it mhm rt @Drumstylee The world needs more Porno for Pyros. Unleash the psychedelic iridescent ear candy magically delicious.
Watched Sebastian for 10 minutes on @Surfline. (It was flat! damn it) rt @kennybrae ust surfed hourbor house w/ kids 13 &amp; 15. they got waves
The list keeps growing rt @msantorelli U got b$lls "some people should die that's just unconscious knowledge" #pigsnzen
Yes I did (looking back) rt @Infosourcer You did the right thing and am assuming you had a great time as well? The kiddos on tour-awesome!
Or an apple rt @leCultVult Fact: @perryfarrell's music goes great with a hookah! #cursedfemale #threedays
October run set for the w. coast. LA to SF (and that's it) rt @iMitchm @janesaddiction is this really the end??? No more shows scheduled????
With a Cadbury really RT “@WillASchlegel: Jane's Addiction Bumbershoot Mainstage 2012 http://t.co/6AjUi5Oj …” @stephenperkins @DaveNavarro
Please fill her in before hand rt@D_T_P @janesaddiction yall better bring it tomorrow night I'm bringing my mom
Great hunter rt @GuitarBubba Listening to @janesaddiction @ work Miss @perryfarrell @DaveNavarro from Vancouver show #SplashALittleWaterOnIt
The great outdoors rt @shawnjuan1 Made that treck once or twice! Glad U and family were here in Seattle when weather was nice! Love ya bro!
Try Great Escape Artist rt @jjonesseattle Ran into PF downtown Seattle today.Brilliant. Makes me want to rekindle the #JanesAddiction album.
Don't ruin it for him. He thinks I am (don't ruin it for me) rt @Esox_loocious good man Perry, he thinks your superman, maybe you are??
4 shows left on this tour rt 5 more days poolside in Vegas with @janesaddiction @perryfarrell @stephenperkins and @DaveNavarro hurry up week
The crossing of Lake Washington. "A father's greatest fear is that he would dissapoint the pleas of his son". http://t.co/ntm4yAD2
Oh I have to tip toe around so as not to make a loud sound rt @bubbacarrnow @janesaddiction Aftermath at the Aragon.  http://t.co/hvTdbwt4
526 million years old (still looks good) rt @bohemiandirt Is the Trilobite buckle keeping you humble? Etty like hers? http://t.co/FnbPcUTA
Going boating rt @edtrem anxious to see to the Seattle show. If you want to swim in a lake you r welcome to come to my house in Bellevue
Just the good stuff rt  @skbrown2 Btw, your wine was very yummy! Thx for the bottle! http://t.co/xyuMPbfq
How did you spend your birthday? rt @Lrn2Fly1 heyy perry!! Its my 17th birthday can i get a retweet?!?!?!
We ended in Seattle rt @destroydaniel @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins #janesaddiction #bumbershoot unbelievably entertaining. Fun as '97 tour.
Thank You Robin! I'm having a great morning with my boys rt  @robinmichelle  You were fantastic! Tour again soon!! http://t.co/bRrpPf5n
Yes; cool (where can I get one)? rt @ZipMeister88 Can u sign a poster of show that never Happened Vegas #janesaddiction http://t.co/AoSmZU0u
We climbed high! rt @skbrown2 Climbed this morning with a little help from Perry! Come back to Vancouver! http://t.co/h93yg0m0
The dancing usher rt @tasharg  Working Bumbershoot &amp; seeing Jane's Addiction tonight. DREAM COME TRUE!!! @DaveNavarro @EttyLauFarrell
We love them! rt @bohemiandirt R the trilobites keeping you humble? Etty like her cameo buckle? http://t.co/FnbPcUTA
U know we love U rt @skbrown2 last night was EPIC in Van! Thank you!! worth the almost 20 yr wait to see you guys! Come back soon Need more!
MIssed that - off to work (on attitude)..rt @crackedhead @Kun_T_Bastard Perry not working? Unheard of
You'll hear me whistling down mountain rt @Kun_T_Bastard ,excellent gig, come back to Vancouver when you're not working &amp; relax,,and whistle
Must relax to whistle rt @Kun_T_Bastard Saw the Vancouver show tonight,great job.Seemed like your whistler wasnt workinwell  haha. our Ann.
When can we expect to see you on these shores rt @peter_hook1 when can we expect to see you on these shores perry? hope all is well. hooky.
Working on coming next  summer Peter rt @peter_hook1 when can we expect to see you over on these shores perry? hope all is well. hooky. x
Entertaining. Expect Cluney to speak to a couch (Romney, Ryan) @I_Hate_Hippies Did you like Clint's performance?
While Etty (totally naked) and I watched Clint and his chair/pal, an astronaut appeared at the window watching too... http://t.co/ab40EZ7g
Thank you Brazil! (i love that song, and love my time) rt @Crashleo mazingly, My Time is playing on the radio here in Brazil! :) Cheers
Have headache from the cheap rt @katszuski @DaveNavarro Come to BevMo in Tacoma. Bring @perryfarrell &amp; @EttyLauFarrell for amazing bubbly.
Truth is forever rt @Yanstadotcom This CD is STILL AWESOME! #NowPlaying End To The Lies on @Rhapsody. http://t.co/OVq7ECxv …
I remember both of them rt @Scotty_Evil @993thefox @jeffoneilshow @DaveNavarro my wife showed you her boobs for tix fri night, about a m&amp;g?
We will always come at you wit' sumn' new (keep us on that list) rt @Shaynedoe Checking Jane's Addiction off my list. Thank you
I like 'em rt @here_comes_B @lowerdens Perry-do you have "nootropics" by @lowerdens? I think you'd dig it.
Will never be repeated rt @4marky2mark0 I was at the E Net festival in ca. Any chance you will bring that back to big bear?
Price I Pay played last night! rt @TracyMorganQT why you no play strays or price i pay live anymore? bad decision &amp; sad decision. songs rock
Eerie perfoming at antiquated locations. In the shadows of an old penitentiary (Boise) but bringing a brighter spirit. http://t.co/nImhgreR
Traveling the N.West. Native American influences. Today Idaho; Shoshone for "Behold! the sun coming down the mountain" http://t.co/0zwUmi0j
If there's no wine, that means they don't love me (please nothing cheap) thank you! rt @touque42 do you drink wine every show you do?
Tonight I sang down by the Great Salt Lake rt @LoriAnne40 http://t.co/eC2Cwe7f @DaveNavarro  @stephenperkins @chrischaney in NYC.
5 hours to I-Da-Ho (Yer mischief)! @McChk thanks for the show. Good times! Enjoy the rest of your evening.
What drives a dog to slobber upon his master? (same animal) rt @Joe_Conga Is it arrogance; or greed that drives the "modern musician"?
May your love feedback to one another as when Jimi played Berkeley rt @lxvythrs getting married this Sunday can we get a best wishes?
I loved this painting by Carl Aagaard. So did Costantino Proietto who painted at the very same location 100 yrs. later. http://t.co/1OU0l6z3
And what is the 2nd best? rt @ewales Perry any chance you and the boys can bust out "Broken People" on Friday? Best track off the new album!
mine is the fox rt @MyTwittah My spirit animal is @perryfarrell
Of Course (you do know all the songs) rt @DaveNavarro Thx Perry n @ettylaufarrell for rescuing us out on the road tonight. Your bus is cozy.
Taped pipe wasn't workin for you? Smoother days ahead... rt @graceandmanners @EttyLauFarrell
An Unforgettable Party rt @SkylarEntPR listening to Satellite Party, @ettylaufarrell @nickmaybury @carlrestivo bring the party back!
4 diiferent hats were thrown up to me as I  sung tonight in Colorado Springs. They must have looked pretty good everyone wanted theirs back.
October If I can't find my keys, I 'll be right over rt @AKGlass When are u playing L.A.? I would LOVE to see u guys &amp; even offered my home.
Hang on Brian we are working on returning summer of 2013 rt @ba785 UK fans missing you guys. When are you coming back? http://t.co/uVMLmcNY
LV &amp; Strip #synonymous rt @SCOTT_MARK @DaveNavarro _LV Can't wait to see @janesaddiction poolside @Cosmopolitan_LV las Vegas Strip!!!!
Daddy playing guitar? rt  @jlanejoe @DaveNavarro Don’t laugh at my guitar!! See you tonight for Col. Springs show!! :-) http://t.co/ckqszMa2
I love you Merciless! rt @MERCILESSMOFO  I love you n I love the 2 of you together. You are my hero Perry n if you are happy, I am happy.
The fight was old 10 mins after it started #20 kisses later rt @MERCILESSMOFO Are you n Etty still fighting or have you kissed and made up?
Yer very welcome. Hope yer face isn't in too bad a shape rt @lrwhite12 @DaveNavarro Thank you for rocking our faces off last night!
Blue balls (crab) n sake bombs rt @aprildiaz8 Did you eat @ Blue sushi today in Omaha? Can't believe I saw you- didn't ask for an autograph!
My friends (Thievery Corporation) loved playing Columbia! rt @Jesusaveus if you visit Ecuador, come to Colombia too!
We miss you as well... rt @HankWankerman @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins Your US tour sounds great, a UK tour would be EPIC. We miss you guys.
I am going to look at Equador @espaldasinfin Perry, you haven't come to Ecuador. It's very beautiful and there's a lot of fans, please come.
Valid point Blah (Etty checks to see if I am sleeping) rt @BlaHbLAAAAH3 shit man tv you block out its constant bitching that keeps ya up lol
Excellent Roberto. I was discussing LollaChile 2013 this evening with friends rt @rob_vasquez_s i have my ticket to Lollapalooza Chile 2013!
Yes, and when I do I leave the tv on #leariningtoturnoffthetv rt @CowbellKid do you ever sleep?
How could I forget... rt @stephenpf @SkinflowerMusic @DaveNavarro Still owe us a gig for #readingfestival last year remember! Reading again?
It's been too long Adriane. We felt very welcome rt  rt@_Adriane_ Thanks for visiting! Omaha has missed you!! 1991?! Come back sooner! :)
I'm saying we are dying to return summer 2013 rt @SkinflowerMusic  @DaveNavarro RU saying you'll be back in the uk  #twitchingwithexcitement
May take a while (next summer) #thiscrossiskillingme rt @oregionsi Simon Says: Can you play in Cornwall. Uk for my Birfday? #fingerscrossed
Why didn't I think of that? Good lilbro rt @pekelagarto Hahaha my lil brother make me a wallet with my #lolla schedule http://t.co/nFk7X50p
Last visit was '91 rt @bkonan71 @DaveNavarro Welcome to Neebrasskee boyz! Been awhile! We need some more of Jane's rockin' love &amp; affection!
Simon Says- My birfday! rt @helentiplady please can you say Happy Birthday to my husband, it would make me an ace wife! He's called Simon
Assisted in euthanasia rt @cwpress @Aaroncuda In Cleveland you played Then She Did at my request. It meant a lot to me. I will die happy
LUV Satellite radio rt @CooperMalokia that's why we've replaced fm radio in our cars w/satellite radio. Soooo much better than the fm crap
Just left Philly rt @jennifermarconi please tell me your coming to the Atlantic City/Philly area soon?! Need my Janes fix ASAP! U R amazing!
Even most rock stations aren't rock (poprocktorture). rt@tommygunzzexper @jaseinspace a rock station, AMEN!
This cat's name is... rt @MASON33 Thx. for the fan jam Can only repay you with my love and support 1986 - till the end of time.. Maceo Mason
Good taste rt @jaseinspace new rock station in nyc has live Jane says on heavy rotation. A stroke of brilliance both song &amp; album . Classic.
LOve it (surf) rt @HydroSphereCA be HUGE @ the Doheny State beach Show. Chek it, what do think? http://t.co/cvLxmgOQ  http://t.co/ocOPA4jt …
It was easy man rt @MarkBenedetto just wanted to tell you I was at your show at Foxwoods last Saturday, it was one of best shows I've seen.
I get muddy everyday rt @boyd5647 @lollapalooza I just now finally got the mud stains out of my shorts....
You tube has a great video rt @touque42 @hutchja9 @damondsolomon it's dock Ellis , Can't find highlights of that game. http://t.co/dc8MD3y6
May B sacrificed rt @EdgePoetry @deyasullivan @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro a virgin experience w/ jane's you Defenitely won't B disappointed
my hero rt @hutchja9 @damondsolomon is this the guy you were talking about pitching a no hitter on LSD? http://t.co/eKHI3Zh5
Dock EllisDee rt @damondsolomon Cheers to Pittsburgh! http://t.co/eKHI3Zh5
Doc EllisDee @damondsolomon Cheers to Pittsburgh! http://t.co/eKHI3Zh5
We're talking about it rt @RavenLynch @DaveNavarro Is it TRUE--Jane's Addiction is playing LIVE in BOISE, ID this coming WED, 8/29?!Confirm!
They're great at parties rt @barbarachai @oh_benn wood nymphs!  http://t.co/zbueqalf
Tonight I want to treat the crew (in Omaha). Suggestions for a spot with good drink and chew (and young folk)?
Perhaps next summer. MIss visiting... rt @ericboonstra @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins Any chance coming to Amsterdam?
Makes 3D Cakes rt @deyasullivan @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro I got my leopard print fishnets ready for tomorrow in Omaha!I'
Would love to make back for Indie 500 or Colts rt @Trent22o @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins Great show tonight! Love having Jane's in Indy. \m/
You seemed like you could use some cheering up Joe rt @joefatheads @perryfarrell killed Pittsburgh. Thanks. I needed that
(Thank god) she's not into sports rt @SkillzLikeZorro Joe Montana and Perry have the same taste in women @ettylaufarrell
Accurate rt @Stinkweed626 Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with intent on harming another yet you are the one getting burned.
UR Killing me (true) rt @sociablextina @EttyLauFarrell I hate going to bed angry, you never know how long you have left on this earth.
We don't stay mad for very long. Usually round up near suppertime. rt @sociablextina @EttyLauFarrell Glad I could help. :)
Your answer solved our problem! thx! rt  @sociablextina Fight FOR each other, not WITH each other. Don't let the universe come between you!
We're fighting. Got seperate rooms last night. Dreampt she was cheating. How do I get back w/ her and keep my dignity? http://t.co/MyoCxDZq
Calling loooong distance? Yes, I Wish to accept the call rt @KenGPhotography Brooklyn gig! #janesaddiction  http://t.co/ODa7fsSM
Blue insanity is often misdiagnosed. I am not the insane one. The rest of the world- drives me to find relief in blue. http://t.co/STKDCrb5
Pickled Raddishes rt @raddish76 @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins @Block16Omaha @NickHovorka Join us b4 Omaha show Saturday
ChileLolla: It was not a crash due to traffic- it was an attack on our fire wall (an attempted hack that failed). We are on our way now!
On my way home home I hid in my coat rt @NYRHOUND Any surprises  tomorrow night? I've been singing "City" from Soul Kiss all day today....
We'll beat them all to dust rtr @wilksays @DaveNavarro Loved "Then She Did" since I was 14. I'm 29 still blows me away and never gets old.
Not to be messed with rt @EttyLauFarrell  Best line on this leg: "I am going to kill you. At your happiest moment." http://t.co/mHB4Vd2s
And I will buy you shoes rt @MSabodish @EttyLauFarrell if perry ever dumps you, I'll take ya I'll be making breakfast to bring back to YOU!
Not to be messed with rt @EttyLauFarrell @janesaddiction Best line on this leg so far: "I am going to kill you. At your happiest moment."
See you again ladies (who rock) rt @Oceansizelolita Ended our NE tour with you last night. Thanks for the memories! http://t.co/EuRxNank
I knew Courtney when... Good to see her again rt @wardstar @Courtney @DaveNavarro http://t.co/oHdW6rhQ
there is no row 13 rt @hutchja9 @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction ready for the show, wishing I was in the front row instead of row 13!
Rain hit down at midnight. I ran underneath it getting soaked rt @JCheskin @DaveNavarro You guys KILLED it last night in #Brooklyn... Bravo!
Poor the Hamptons rt @dizzyswank @veronicavarlow See that flash of lightning a second after Perry thanked Thor? Was like "you're welcome!"
The battle of Brooklyn 1776  led by George Washington. I imagine what George would think of his young Americans tonight http://t.co/pIpCQ3n6
boo rt @JCom67 next NY show I'll get a girlfriend of mine to hit the pit in that bathing suit.
Thank you! rt @DavisTodd40 also an iraq war vet disabled now your music helps me get through the day thanks!
I respect the opera rt @jvhelluhpipes @janesaddiction Seeing @janesaddiction tonight for the 1st time. There are no words. Just total bliss.
Will you wear your costume? Still 1 of the best rt @JCom67 jumping the train in an hour, gonna be blast!
I am led around- no idea rt @dgraebe what time approx do you go on in BK tonight?
I'm horny rt @bgoldman76 Gettin ready for @janesaddiction in Williamsburg, it's gonna B an irresistible force cook the rice.  I'm hungry..
Splash, Irresistible, Underground rt  rt @csawknewyork @janesaddiction not many new songs this go 'round? Enjoy the view of NYC from stage!!
Don't you dare rt @TommyTwardowski @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro @rachelbreckkiss If it rains again tonight, I give up. Lol. #janesaddiction
It's drizzling.... Must stop those rain dances.
It's called kegeling rt @MzKemia Waiting outside Lyric Opera House, with my thighs clenched with anticipation, hope to hear Mountain Song.
I had crab for dinner rt 1 &amp; only @perryfarrell right in front of me @janesaddiction show in Baltimore http://t.co/c8mGjBSm
All the best music David; all the best rt @DavidEliau is lolla Israel going to be only electronic or rock also?
I was in a cab rt @SimonWhite1974 Play London again PLEASE!!! Was @ Forum gig we refused to leave for 20mins and you did 3rd encore!
Pawn Shop rt @wafflestomp @owhmusicguy What gave him the idea to use echo/delay on his voice? It really shaped how Jane's Addiction sounds.
Got the bruises to prove it rt @Dedere saw u guys in nj sunday night! WOW Best time Ever! Up front touched u about 20 times! Come back soon!
A man's sweat soaks into a woman's breasts and bonds them rt  @rachelbreckkiss So close to you on Thursday, ur sweat got on me( wasn't rain)
Rachel, Please get the word out to Bethlehem- the party is on rt  @rachelbreckkiss No effing way!!!
http://t.co/hQgOSToW
In the crowd when Jane's rained out? Come to Philly and see us for free. Philly promoter is honoring Bethlehem ticket stubs! (just because)
N. Brunswick "I want to ask U something". Crowd springs forward- pressing against stage. Better. PS I know u don't manufacture bowling balls
Lucky Devil rt @MSabodish thanks 4 the private jam last night at the state theater b4 the main show! Best 10 minutes of my life! U guys rock
A lovely night's ship passing by rt @mcupp77 @DaveNavarro @perryfarrell @stephenperkins great time in Cleveland thanks http://t.co/xRFEKexg
I am most happy on stage where I entertain (my own thoughts) rt@quirky_bitch @janesaddiction
Look at his (people are envious) http://t.co/q5MwNzQ6 rt @scottnhorton Come strong w a poster for SF Warfield show. Got three Janes posters.
Others are envious rt @DSky3 what do you think of my new wall decor? Just got it framed: http://t.co/q5MwNzQ6
That's a great idea (do it) rt @CowbellKid Thinking about taking a week off &amp; flying 2 Cali 2 see your show since I missed u @ Ruth Eckerd
Welcome (to the party Leroy) rt  @3FingersWhiskey The hottest "alternative" girls in high school were always into Jane's AddictionThank You!
Cheeky Monkey rt @apblake @BYT LiveChicago: Jane's Addiction @ the Aragon , or, why PerryFarrell is king of Chicago. http://t.co/DaU2xZRb
He drove people rt @HurstMonkey Jesus was a race car driver.
Philly is the one rt @LoriAnne40 Got list of venues in the locations 4 rained out concert! We want you guys back BAD!
Good Night Margaret rt @mlhav @lda3443 Thanks for a GREAT show!!! http://t.co/oifolmtN
Sometimes I feel as though I am dead (people) rt @KariAEC @JesseLockwood He's still alive? RT @JesseLockwood: Psyched to see Perry Farrell!
What did you do to earn those horns? rt @quirky_bitch Just posted a photo http://t.co/ryjQ5xH7
They don't drink like they used to rt@focaccia4ever most charismatic frontman while drunk: Goes to Perry Farrell
Here here rt @hillarykwiatek @Musikfest Great to see @perryfarrell groove @ Steelstacks Bethlehem! JA deserves a do-over next yr @Musikfest!
We like it Randy. NIce positioning rt @Redlookie Very cool pic of @perryfarrell and Etty http://t.co/QCkv0sKj
Into another dimension rt http://t.co/sDgWNArp  @perryfarrell and @ Dave Navarro @janesaddiction @EttyLauFarrell THANK YOU for coming!!!
Thinkin' Philly padner rt @ajaxStardust @PZ311 @janesaddiction shit happens. what's the ZIP? Long/Lat? -- map?  [ie. when and where? ]
I was feeling great. Road trip rt @PZ311 @janesaddiction of course this  happens my first time seeing @janesaddiction http://t.co/L7My9oKN …
I have my boys w me rt @hornsandpawsup do you like looking in the crowd now and seeing older fans bringing their kids to experience Jane's?
Going to be a great sunset rt @bryandlobach welcome to our quaint city. All of us here hope you like it, so you'll visit us again one day!
Bethlehem steel factory. The backdrop for tonights performance. Arthritic architectural remnant of Pennsylvania. http://t.co/k5A1qFjp
What did you think of the tequila? rt  @BryanHoneywell Thanks for the tequila @perryfarrell. Awesome time last night!
Let's have a dose rt@PrxmtyButterfly Our future needs soulful poets and penetrating commitments; leaving naïveté to the 19th century.
1st dancing Prez! An artist rt @goatsntrees @meoskop @EttyLauFarrell even a better idea! She is smart &amp; beautiful! Got my vote #USA
I'll handle the music rt @lostapril @goatsntrees I think I can speak for many when I say we could use a drinking singing president.
I'd rather get drunk and sing rt  @goatsntrees I saw an interview w/ toasted. You spoke about leaders in USA. Run 4 president! U can do it.
I'll see you again.. rt @ParisClubChi @A_Drink_With from this weekend. Thanks for coming in Perry! http://t.co/uUmqIEZ2
How is evrything in Patagonia today? A bit hectic here in USA. Elections coming and ppl are behaving badly rt @beaca31 Cheers from Patagonia
We spent the day on a farm in Syracuse NY. Feeding animals, milking animals, and feeding animals (ourselves).  http://t.co/yaro3JuY
My Blackberry is fried. It won't take a charge anymore. I can't be friends with something that can't take charge..  Gallexy 3 my next toy?
I love my job- but yours sounds gratifying. I hope to visit Patagonia some day rt   @claudiax_pi: i work with sheep. In Chilean Patagonia
So you sell or run an adoption agency for dogs? Rt @8bitj: I give them free to salvation army volunteers around the holidays. Close enough?
When you say work with animals- what do you mean? Rt @aprilknob: I work with dogs and the elderly. 2 of the most rewarding jobs ever!
For the poor or the aged? I could use your help rt @8bitj: I make sandwiches. shit.
If you work w animals or the aged I suppose rt @8bitj: still haven't been to a @lollapalooza though I'm in Chicago. Is my life worth living?
FRESH AIR rt @teddyzep: @lollapalooza no tent/!? ill take it. can't wait! now cover up those bball fields so it doesn't turn into a mud pit!
Chitown always a winner rt @cjhayes1261: Cubs ouch... We got @lollapalooza this weekend and @London2012 ? http://t.co/FubOaF9u"
We spoke about it. Do you think ppl will pick up on it? I need to buy a harp. Rt  @apblake: Did you work out a P4P song on time?!
An Easy Rider rt @apblake: Early August always means Perry and me hauling ass to #Lolla. Thanks, Grandpa Simpson! http://t.co/8jLzGin1"
We'll do 3! Added Splash rt @npbstar: Can't wait to see you Saturday at the Aragon. Please play every song from TGEA..Really feeling Chicago
All those who couldn't get tix (4,000 lucked out of 300,000) can view our after party as if their eyeballs were rolling around the ballroom.
All the pics being sent this morning from last Lolla have been stoking me for the weekend. Really feeling Chicago (flying out now w family)
@Mikeyrockstar1: @jenxrayodyum will you be in your under wear on YouTube Perry? Lol
RU following me? At @EttyLauFarrell: You are tweeting @perryfarrell. You must be on your way home:) #FarrellFriday
U R very U P rt @m_pixley: can't wait for LOLLA!! 7 more days till its time to party at Perry's #Lolla #festivals #Perry's #rage
My feelings for you rt @Emily_rudorf: yayay!!!! I can't wait to be there next weekend!
I love geese rt @JessieJessup: PERRY do you know about the lady raising geese to be astronauts? Think you'd like her http://t.co/cowUByYY
Mmmm rt @EdzosBurgerShop: hey, looking forward to hanging w/you at #lolla! we're in #chowtown near Perry's. Come by burgers &amp; truffle fries.
Youtube my dear rt @JenXrayODyum: I won't be in Chicago, want to have a viewing party. Where can I watch Lollapalooza 2012 online? Jen
Friends rt @elektro: Thank you again @perryfarrell for taking the time to speak with us. Looking forward to #Lollapalooza next week!
The map is silly rt @Emily_rudorf: You said no tent for Perry's this year?! The map shows it w/a tent. Get sprinklers installed in rafters
Sweet peeps rt @AureliaGroup: Amazing! The crew from @elektro interviewed @perryfarrell about #Lollapalooza #DJs can't wait to read this!
Thx Hugo. We put effort into it. A new site next year rt @HugoSchoen: lolla website amazing.more people need to know. http://t.co/alhXpc7E
Will be performing together w Janes rt @monmeow: will PerryEtty be performing at lolla this year?! Always most excited to see you and Etty!
Save that shot! Rt @chgojoemercado: @EttyLauFarrell Perry's Tent, day 3. After the third rain. (My son Reuben dancing) http://t.co/CpgVziJR
I don't even need fingers to count rt @pekelagarto: Deeearrr @perryfarrell … just one week!! (:
No but mischief doesn't feel the same driving around in the valley (tv pitches) rt @OnlyMorganb: Bored!? Did you run out of mischief?
You may look like whale meat after 1 wk.. rt @jfpilote: how realistic is Point? Keanu Reeves becomes a decent surfer in 1 week?
I can not mix her up my wife is also my fantasy.  rt @posterdan: Wonder if @waynecoyne and perry get their wives mixed up as often as I do
Go get some coffee rt @jakesantini: Yo I'm at grant park right now but I still don't know where the stages gonna be. What's up with that?
Get me back there rt @EttyLauFarrell: Gorgeous! RT @chgojoemercado: @janesaddiction @EttyLauFarrell cool screensaver http://t.co/bK1vdyJ2"
Assimilating into everyday life this summer- I am finally bored to death. I can't wait to get back out on the road next week. Take me!
Franz is on 1st rt @igb_: do we have to skip RHCP to get to the Aragon Ballroom or are you an Franz Ferdinand going to play late night?
Try the duck- it's to die for rt  @wwjpmumx4: A little bit of @perryfarrell &amp; @janesaddiction for lunch ~ #np "Underground"
What kind of parents? Kids need to get outside rt @malcolmwithoutx: I got myself grounded from Lolla. Any way you could lend me a hand?
Scattered around the world. You have to want to shop (as I do now) rt @j_ackgibson: i wish i knew where @perryfarrell got his clothes
Long ago- brings tears to my eyes, I hear it's a nude beach now? Rt @Abstractskydies: When was the last time you surfed @ Haulover beach Fl?
"@EttyLauFarrell: Having multiple food orgasms at   #A-Frame w/ @ridingshotgunla  A MUST!!!" @perryfarrell is stuffed with good dreams
"@wwjpmumx4: @perryfarrell - it's Farrell Friday! Celebrate accordingly ;)"
Safe Because Of Brad rt @tish919: Please send a supportive tweet to my deployed husband, Brad. I am taking pictures of the tweets.
Shooting for next August rt@paulgabbo: @BartDeClercq2 when Are you coming to England!?
"@paulgabbo: @perryfarrell @BartDeClercq2 when Are you coming to England!?"
Can't decide Andy rt @AndyDerer: What's next for albums? Chance of Satellite Party? That record blew my mind. Esp Jim Morrison shows up"
I'm on one myself Jonna rt @JonnaKW: Windows down, 105 degrees, the voice of @perryfarrell ringing out from the speakers..Road trip is a go.
I wonder how psychics stay in business rt @BartDeClercq2: Hard to find interesting people on twitter.Think i found one.Hello,mr Farrell.
Ah Wish and I hope n I hope an pray rt @DootieTang: @DootieTang how many times did you walk away? How many times did you do it again?
Let the girl run free rt @EttyLauFarrell: ;) @AndreaXLeilani something is brewing but not in a "reality" context.:) will you still take it?
I want to in Chicago. Must ask Pete rt @Kun_T_Bastard: Do you ever bust into a porno for pyros song when you play with Janes Addiction?
You should not buy NME lost (last) empire rt @thejc3: Holy shit..you're on this "do not buy" list twice. WTF?? http://t.co/VqVftZ6x
No plans. I hope again in my lifetime St  @somewhattwisted: when you will back to Brazil? I love Jane's Addiction &lt;3
I have dreampt. of it Cursed Female? Blood Rag? Rt rt @fatherhubbard: any chance of a #pornoforpyros miniset @ Aragon? What I wouldn't give.
In training right now Jen rt @wwjpmumx4: #np "Curiosity Kills" by @janesaddiction (Dearest, never stop ;) perfection for my ears &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3"
Return to the scene rt @MASON33: Thx Perry for the wine and signing the bottle in Cincy, so great to see you again and what a show.Indy next
Good for getting high rt @geocacherscott: Great Escape Artist available on United flight from UK to NYC- ready to take on the city now!
And how rt @BillFinkbiner: "Of course this land is dangerous. All of the animals are capably murderous."
Happy to share Jane's Addiction's latest album for free w/ help from my @DobelTequila friends: http://t.co/mJRl1ciT - Maestro Perry Farrell
Of course rt @theRealEsthero: #FavouriteAlbums HOW COULD I FORGET?? @janesaddiction 'Nothing's Shocking' and 'Ritual de lo Habitual' LOVE!
There a phone booth nearby? Rt @jgirl66: Seriously, this guy could be your twin. He dates a dancer at Fantasy Island. Safe travels Perry! Xo
Batman n Rubin' rt @ItsBatmanSilly: UR one of the inspirations for http://t.co/gtqTSR3F, thx for expanding consciousness' one hug at a time.
This may now happen rt @aga_buddhi:.me and millions fans here can't wait Jane's coming to Indonesia..#Bali Eyes  PFP #Ocean Size from JA..
Very soon rt @a2buckeye99 - great set at @bunburyfestival last night!!! See you at @Lollapalooza!!!"
It chose us rt @Jerzicua: why did you choose the Aragon instead of the Congress, Chicago theater, the vic, etc.
About to be board (a plane) rt @JuliefromBLo:It 7:35 am on the East Coast. Should I be telling you Good Morning, or  you about to go to bed?
Do you have siblings? Rt @jgirl66: Just met your twin brother at Fantasy Island in W. LA. I swear he was identical to you. Sweet guy too. Xo
Don't be a stranger rt @gamedayjreau: @pOpOpal00za: @janesaddiction tonight was amazing. Thx for playing Cincinnati! That was the best!!!
Took a splash a water to bring me around n get going rt @DootieTang: we're you up drinking and smoking until 4,5, or 6 in the morning? I was
I believe we met. Dad had gloves for me? Thx! rt @RsgBethany: please come outmy son Jared is dying to meet you! We are outside your trailer!
Wrestler in the morning rt @Dedere: Going to your concert Listening to your music daily, SOO excited hey even named our Cat Macio 10 yrs ago
For Lil' Shenke. Rt @t_schenke: My kid's first concert tonight. You guys played his favorite song. Thx for blowing his mind....mine too.
Free Pete Rose rt @pOpOpal00za: @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro tonight was amazing. Thx so much for playing Cincinnati! That was the best!!!
Porno for pyros rt  @julianestockman: thx for headlining @bunburyfestival in Cincinnati. Great set! Hope you liked the fireworks we ordered
Just for fun (and karma) rt @instant_karma99: if you have time stop by Green Street @ William K Stidhams Peace ,Love &amp; Good Karma 2 u Perry
New tv show on the horizon? Rt @carlydhudson: sure do miss Rock Wives....that was one of my fav shows.
Please don't be bummed. There is so much music and cool heads @ Lolla rt  heads@aprilknob: ugh! Missed out on the aftershow.. so bummed out!
We're just as passionate  towards you all  rt @recklesscoder: @DaveNavarro Damn, you guys sold out the @Aragon_Ballroom fast. Nice job!
Boo If you didn't get tix for Jane's aftershow- but if you bought a Lolla ticket, my friends and I would like to give you our newest album.
Was it your karma? Rt @instant_karma99:  Janes Addiction after show ?!?! I'LL SEE YOU THERE !!
Not even Ashtun Koocher? rt. @Pit__: a fan for a awhile a Twitter follower a short while. He's the only one that get's Twitter.
Talking about it... rt @piptee66: you coming down to Australia any time soon?????
Had a beautiful dream but my reality is scary rt @HankWankerman ; Friday the 13 th Perry. Does it weird you out or you cool about it ?
We're snuggling it's early rt @kenzham14:  I love you. Do you feel the love?
I'm looking for surprises myself rt  @CaryWhitt: I'm looking forward to Bunbury this weekend. Any surprises in store?
Chatty on Marys rt @EttyLauFarrell: On our 2nd Bloody Mary w/ on this red eye flight to Cincinnati &amp; we are stay at the gate at LAX.
Miki (Lush) broke her arm rt @KRoe3: last time I saw Janes, was 1991 w/Rollins Band &amp; Lush. Will be @bunburyfestival &amp; bringing my kids.
Keep yer word rt @Aaroncuda: do you have any advice? I'm getting married for first (hopefully Only) time after we see u play in Cleveland
You can ride the bus Rt @pekelagarto: 15 smackers!? I Have 16!!!! #LoooL http://t.co/eZK4oYNX"
Should I wear a mack (mack daddy)? Rt @Mingo424: So excited to see you guys play @bunburyfestival tomorrow! Fingers crossed for #norain
Fwd to angry wife @EttyLauFarrell rt @ThatGuyMikeLove: Hey! Heard you on NPR yesterday. Man, you're cool! Good to hear you and the band!
Readying for flight rt @MASON33: Have a safe flight Perry , see ya Friday in Cincy...Ya know for us these are the days -
Undefeated rt @goatsntrees: When I blast " end of the lies" or " twisted "my hubby of 23 yrs. gets scared&amp; knows a good fight is on.
That's what my mother called me rt @finchill: @perryfarrell What a bargain!
We live lies that we know the truth about. Rt @earthshiner85: Your music keeps me sane in an insane way
So kind of me... Rt @freshcoffeelove: Met you at  pool party video on LA Mtn @Snowflake Lodge. U let me smoke you out w/santa cruz kind
Wow- forgot to mention JANE'S ADDICTION to play LOLLAPALOOZA Sat. Night after-party @ Aragon Ballroom. Tix going up Friday. 15 smackers!
We're playing Cin-a-Bun rt @MsBehaveCincy: .@DaveNavarro can't wait to see you sexy beasts in Cincinnati on Friday!!! #BUNBERRY
Show me rt @tonyredmen1 had a flash back standing in Brixton Academy. I remember photographing Janes here as warm up 2 Wonder Stuff gig 89?
Yer catzname izMaceo rt @Xiolla: @DaveNavarro  Please, Vote for my MACEO &amp; RT???! THANK YOU! - http://t.co/Vd14krWk
@dentist- (more than ready) rt @MASON back on the road this Friday - Cincy, I may jump on stage and sing with you. I'm just that pumped.
Flawless rt @Wendytopia: @wwjpmumx4 any JA song--any time of day!! Can't go wrong!
Apropos rt@WawrykMC: Oh when I, when I die ;) @EttyLauFarrell .. This song shall play http://t.co/STpRuwYo
I long to perform. Rt @Wendytopia: @janesaddiction would it be weird to admit I long for and miss u guys when I don't listen to or see u
No, not publicly (but it's looking great) rt  @noRumour: is it true that today we gonna have news about Lollapalooza Chile 2013 edition ?
"@rock_4_recovery:  Check out my interview on CNN/HLN taling about music being my healing tool after my injury in Iraq http://t.co/A41TL5Su"
Highschool graduation present (to myself). Pals surfed the east coast. Fla. up Montauk rt @jfpilote: ever caught the tasty waves in Montauk?
I'll second that. Rt @wwjpmumx4: #np "Ocean Size" by Jane's Addiction ( @perryfarrell &lt;3 best way to start the morning )
I got my dongle back rt @andgomorra: nasty little pervert off the underworld soundtrack was such a killer tune. Who was it about?
Chile in LA rt @lotusmusica: Nice to see you tonight Perry. See you at Lolla.  Atentos en Chile que Lolla Chile 2013 se viene impresionante
A moment caught off guard that lasts forever (someone throws glasses up on stage) rt @J1111J: "@DaveNavarro: HAHA http://t.co/Ugr6IUUd
Where are they serving JA? Rt @BillGregory23: Just got my @bunburyfestival tix. Pumped to see @janesaddiction  @DaveNavarro on Friday 13th!
Hate to say it (I'm sick of steak). Rt @tiffpatterson: Nice job on the tenderloin! Any leftovers?
How did they authenticate? Rt @zebra3records: just seen signed cd by you on auction hunters! #discovery #wishihadone
A long career (for a musician) rt @DjMichaelToast: Went down2Venice&amp;Ran into an old friend of yours. #Harry #TheGift http://t.co/3QoyS6mk"
These birds were supernatural rt @tyriggs: I have to ask: The birds in the tree that swoop in and swallow words - Twitter birds?
1776 rt @MyTwittah: required summer reading?
Sung in an old canteen rt  @wwjpmumx4: #np "Underground" by Jane's Addiction &lt;3 such a beautiful voice)
Right now rt @fullmoon0303:  Splash a little water on it!
Like being in love rt @deborahparkin: if I make an image as emotionally engaging as 'and she did' I will..So beautiful it breaks your heart.
It's just that most of the world is over rated rt @jdr24s: Wanted to tell you, Sure you have heard. Irresistible Force is vastly underrated.
I'm watching a parade rt @DimitriDee1: can you still put your mind back before you were famous? or are those days long forgotten".
Still having fun? Rt  rt @lucywiese: had one of the best break up make ups ever at 1st lollapalooza, Orlando w/ then boyfriend now husband.
Dying Man's Request rt @Aaroncuda:PLEASE do THEN SHE DID and CLASSIC GIRL in Cleveland next month! I could die happy
Virgin memories rt @chefsamurai: Nothing ever got better than the first lolapoloza at irvine medows for me. it changed my life forever!
Symphony for the devil rt @JessieJessup: come to Dallas and lets do a night of Symphonic Janes Addiction with the Dallas Symphony Orchestra.
I haven't forgotten you Bravo rt @fbravo76: why not a different city every year for lolla? We need it back home in LA.
Perhaps one day when I am in my golden years rt @mossylog: how many shows have you done for your solo stuff? (places to plant your seed)
Aren't you busy at the moment? I saw the mounted weapons on the rooftops. Harsh rt   @Thecharmlessman: should bring Lollapalooza to England!
Not immediately Dano. Have they gotten it together? Rt  @Danofreeman: ever coming back to the Brick in Minneapolis?
Perry's crazy in the heads rt @foodallergymama: and btw which head?;
Songs have memory rt @thewritergirl: Song of today: Wishing Well by Porno for Pyros. Memories of spending time with my older brother.
Shame to think I may never sing it again (when)? rt @kingjujukb: JA should add "Song Yet To Be Sung" from your solo album to the set.
No just my head checked rt @foodallergymama: moved to SoCal from Chicago, devastated won't be at Lolla. Do you need an assistant??
Nias rt @DOCWASH: @EttyLauFarrell at YouTube and watching Tahitian Moon video. Always loved the song. Jealous u were in Tahiti to film it.
The best rest you'll ever get rt @weekendpants: @DaveNavarro Have just given birth to my first son, Dylan Hunter. Would you say hi to him?
Ask me what's happening rt @beaca31:  What happend with porno for pyros? Great music!!
Someone should ride it rt @spg2900: A bar in San Diego has a surfboard hanging up with the lyrics to Summertime Rolls http://t.co/4vujMOID"
As a matter of fact... Rt @UnitasQuick: @JasonLWooten Is Bozo the damn weather man?!
As much as half (I'll leave it to you to decide which half) rt @JasonLWooten: How much of that movie is fiction.I don't think much.
My Mean Streets (of LA) rt @JasonLWooten: Their talking bout The Gift. Instant classic.I still have the tape no player though.
Not my cameras- so maybe St @tiginlb: Board Aid Big Bear w/Porno For Pyros, there were cameas. Never seen clips. will it ever be released?
Pray it's not stretched out rt @DjMichaelToast: just bought it used for $20 on amazon. I'm headed to salvation army to buy a VHS player Lol
Once in a lifetime rt @villagemichael: can't wait to eat a lobster CORNDOG before avicii at lol-a-plooza!!!! LOL see ya there Bro! #janesays
I have an idea (may take a year) rt @Slang3006: We need a follow up to the Gift!
Like you're a condemned man rt @easterhau5: My Lolla scheduling is becoming quite tough...too many good acts. How shall I go about this?
Well but you're close. Rt @bradchais: @djmichaeltoast I got a #VHS copy of #TheGift however no #VHSPlayer to watch it.
A song for life rt @paige_luna: i think my favorite song in the entire world is Twisted Tales. I can never get tired of that song
Somewhere? Rt @raindogs70: @tommacarte @DjMichaelToast I always wanted to know if there was more studio &amp; concert footage cut from "Gift"."
You'll love the roof (stars) rt @villagemichael: Seriously what is Perry's going to look like this year? Tent? Stage? Dumpster? Wheelbarrow?
I have an idea rt @tommacarte: @DjMichaelToast u should fix that dude, great movie.
@sucker_punch
Clean my home (to impress incoming guests). Martini glasses never used, uncooked steaks. Good BBQ is as impressing as a well dressed home.
No where rt @DjMichaelToast: sorry to bug u but about The Gift. Were can I buy a copy? When I saw it as a kid it changed my life.
Tell her! rt @EttyLauFarrell: :) RT @jmears333: Everytime I open Rolling Stone &amp; see the Dobel ad and think @EttyLauFarrell is a lucky lady!
Tequila n Lolla (n 500 Dolla) rt @D_TayND: @JohnS44444 tequila and pineapple. Life's hidden secret.
I think he's scoring porn. He's long gone rt @jimmyDeviljames: @splong72 call the guy who recorded that and ditch rich costey next time.
Now is a special time Shon. No one around rt @ShonGreenblatt: why are you up so early? Sex, surf or insomnia
Did they? Next time I'll hit a girl w/ a mustard pie rt @DjMichaelToast: where can i get a copy of the gift? youtube cut off@ pt 4 of 7.
Music gives you many feelings. I listened to Sid Barrett today. Read his lyrics. I felt smart; even special. These are valuable feelings.
I didn't know I could feel this way (the song) rt @blisstique: THEY don't want music to inspire thought.. Real music gets to real people.
I must sound very different. Rt @splong72: Took delivery of a PSIcom cd today, my old copy vanished long ago, happy to hear it again.
I believe in you both. I won't fail you rt @deborahparkin: @callme_caught my 10 yr old singing 'an artist just like you were' There's hope.
He's a BIG music critic: "today people listen to pop."No one listens to new music from serious writers. I CAN'T WAIT to prove he's wrong.
When I hear that song- does my heart well rt @cybervenus: Our Song: http://t.co/qi2jhIrx via @youtube
I'm telling him U said that rt @jimmyDeviljames: Everyone likes something..You don't see frank black endorsing twinkies. Stop @flyfisherman3
And brilliant rt @MentalMindFuck_: I sit on books, but that's because I'm short.
And I don't care what they say. Tyson is mild entertainment. Etty insists I read her.  @hammyzah: haha, you're following 69 people#immature
I sit on books. Words  absorb through my seat. People don't realize I'm reading. Think I'm not listening. Rt  @MentalMindFuck_: maybe I do..
If you put books up yer ass- sorry it's funny to me right now rt @MentalMindFuck_:On my bookshelf...
Do you know where I am thinking you put it? Rt @MentalMindFuck_: DID YOU KNOW that I am in possession of Stephen Perkins' drumstick?
Si. Good Tequila rt @FlyFisherman3: "Underground" for a national commercial?! S'ok good to see you on TV. Do you really like the tequila?
Tasty right? rt @iMitchm: Dobel tequila !!!
ILOVEIT! THANKYOURIGHTNOW! Rt Beatboxtaun: "In this crowded room, there's only one I see: One who makes my fire burn; http://t.co/ccff82gR
Did you ever doubt? Rt @Emily_rudorf: Look what came in the mail today !!! See you in 36 days! http://t.co/rH0GN6bN
Do you know what I wore? Rt @StickmanH: @Moonchild67 JA, Auckland Town Hall, Sept 1991 - also never bested"
New Zealand remembers. I remember you. Very green. Lambs rt @StickmanH: @Moonchild67 JA, Auckland Town Hall, Sept 1991 - also never bested"
The next one. You ask too many questions- but you are sincere rt @tarcisiorpc: musically speaking, which decade do you prefer?
Stop thinking and kiss her rt @eaglenoir: Any tips for an aspiring lyricist?
If Porno got together. Some day. Was it recorded? rt @threesport13: would love to hear you sing new rising sun. any chances at that????"
All summer 2003 Lolla tour. Josh and co. great guys . Rt @DimitriDee1: have you ever played with queens of the stone age?
Music is like a mantra rt @gingerindian: blasting 3 Days while the kids played out with friends. like being 18 again.
Music is like an old photograph rt @gingerindian: blasting 3 Days while the kids played out with friends. like being 18 again.
Must have satisfaction (by now)? Rt @_chloestockdale: Why? Mick Jagger is still ticking and is FAR older than you! :)
Oweme$ rt @MrBerre: Amazon has Satellite Party: http://t.co/vJvXLjnc Jane's Addiction: http://t.co/dDEyEDIg Psi Com: http://t.co/t24jZEmx
Take away his video game rt @callme_someone: I asked my son if he'd go see you guys with me. He asked who you were. He's 17.The future'sdead
Sad drinking Rt @HankWankerman : talking about JA live, have you any plans for UK / Europe touring with this LP.
I want to perform in UK badly. Next August rt @Moonchild67: Jane's at the Riverside, Newcastle, 1991. Never been topped in all these years
And then there is New Music to make. I'd like to shatter ear drums and expectations. I expected I'd calm down by now but it's not happening.
White hat rt @KLeeCook: Just wanted to let you know Reading fest 2002 JA in the thundering rain was the best live experience of my life!
Love the idea of leaping like a stag rt @BRANNONHAIR: Looking forward to seeing you and Etty in Vegas. I will get some Stags Leap ready.
I have an idea (thinking).. Rt @tarcisiorpc: JA's has improved and been through a lot! A new live album from this tour would be even better!
Just dawned on me I don't think you can buy Jane's first album, or Satellite Party. I do hope people can get to hear them. Time to organize.
That is why 1st album was live (captured us) rt @tarcisiorpc: Jane's Addiction is so great live..it'd be awesome if you release a live album
Got the family to hike and snorkel. Pointing out reefs to dive gave us a new connection rt @crob71: How is Kauai? My favorite vacation spot!
Sorry to hear that.. We'll say a little a prayer for him rt @lda3443: my dad died two weeks ago. Feeling like had a dad is my song.
Happy Bug Day! Rt @junebug_76: It's my BDay today!! How's about a BDay tweet??
Pete- Wishin' You Well (my bike arrived) rt In a pack they're very brave rt @EdU_Chicchon: @peterdistefano Dogs rule the night!! Viva P4P!!!
Does Nico know about us? Long for you @ Doheny Rt rt @LisaheartsNico: I love you! Can't wait to see you guys rock it at Doheny !
Was I pissed? Rt @GlastoMovie: Very entertaining! One of the highlights of the film. Robin (director)
You look lovely today Mrs. Tarcisiopc. Is Wallace almost ready? Rt  @tarcisiorpc: today's my mom's bday! she doesn't believe it's really you
Aw come on Hank rt  @HankWankerman ; what's your favorite way to start the day. It's 6.30 am in the UK n I'm having toast/ coffee?"
No, I give to the naughty rt @easterhau5: Lollapalooza is my favorite holiday, all the bands  are gifts, does that make you Santa-like?
Satellite Party rt  @infusionfood: you must understand i saw you every available chance you're the best man Montreal derekc8888@hotmail.com
Jane's is a gas rt @iMitchm: @perryfarrell I'm counting on Janes to get me through my oral surgery later this week!!!!!!
Shamefully haphazard.. Rt@Aaroncuda: do you still have the self portrait from the triple X record?
Seeing young musicians walking around. Going into the crowd and watching. Rt  @easterhau5: What's your favorite part about Lollapalooza?
You may have been disappointed. (I was in a  hateful mood as I recall)...  rt @here_comes_B: Full on missed my chance to sEe P4P there
Debauchery (the carbs of cards) rt @CoryTaylor1313: Picked a tarot card from the same deck as you. Was told that you and I got the same card
You should see Tony Bennett as well! Rt @bunnygirl616: @SlowCheetah me too.. Bumbershoot!! Janes Addiction is on my concert bucket list.
Simple food at Savage Shrimp (garlic shrimp scampi) rt @tiffpatterson: @EttyLauFarrell Hope you guys found some place to EAT!
Uh oh- I was in a bad mood. Hope it's entertaining Rt@GlastoMovie: Porno For Pyros in @GlastoMovie #glastonburythemovie http://t.co/oH8wDryN
I want to be one rt @CooperMalokia: @SlowCheetah she hasn't said "NO!" shows how much she loves u. Being close 2 a grandparent is awesome.
Lies to grandma: He's another nite rt @SlowCheetah: I told her Tony Bennett will be there so she gave in. do what you gotta to see you live!
Alternative Grandmother. Rt @SlowCheetah: I am convincing my grandma to take me to see you at Bumbershoot! Excited!
It was a real river in Mexico- not in the Amazon Rt @DimitriDee1: when u went down the amazon river in "GIFT" to get married. was that real?
Stopped doing it Ryan. Was a good thing rt @ryancapuano: Showed girlfriend Muse's 2007 Lolla set w/ your intro on Youtube. Intro more bands.
He is a beacon Rt @Bravevampire: If this happens again in Philadelphia will you be mad? My son loves you guys.... http://t.co/1fi39eUp"
You may rt @easterhau5: Pumped for First Aid Kit, Of Monsters and Men, M83, SBTRKT, and of course, legendary Jack White. See you at a show?
Empty feeling rt @mjc756: Sometimes i stop and wonder how I've never seen JA live after 20+ years of listening. New live album?
Best part- he's turning out to be a caring young man  rt @OnlyMorganb: @EttyLauFarrell How can you battle against that adorable little man?
You- tell me? rt @easterhau5: I love Jane's Addiction. Second of all, who are some of your favorite acts to see this year at Lolla?
And Jane's too is a secret rt @ DimitriDee1: music is the kabbalah. Isnt this the real secret?
Always a chance Jim rt @jimcharna: any chance i will ever hear "would for you" again? it always makes me :)"
Upcoming tour rt @Beefythebulldog: "Then She Did" my favorite Jane's song Thanks for being the soundtrack of my youth! http://t.co/29ZIOvh0"
I usually have a battle plan- but I am beat rt  @EttyLauFarrell: Move over. I have a new crush--new apple of my eye. 😍 http://t.co/oBH7MjoV
(Wonder) where are they now? Rt @robert_c_jones: @rchlwilliams @realdavidcarter Saw U support Wonder Stuff @ Brixton.Best gig i've ever seen
Thank you Evil rt @EvilNTent: @davenavarro. Congratulations on the Hollywood star. You boys are always stars to me. Pleased for you. :)"
Inquiring..rt  @hass2112: is there a uk/euro tour on the horizon. We're dying over here!
Always do the wrong thing (for very good reason) rt @TracyMorganQT: brrring some strays songs back for the new leg. http://t.co/3a2OCiAX
Please.. Thx Sweet Rachel Rt @rchlwilliams: @robert_c_jones @realdavidcarter I know...not cool , ignore the haters!!"
In a pack they're very brave rt @EdU_Chicchon: @peterdistefano Dogs rule the night!! Viva P4P!!!"
Cash in rt @appliedscience: #NowPlaying Jane's Addiction(@janesaddiction) – Mountain Song on @Spotify http://t.co/t5jGpRma @PrettyCoolShops"
Keep the torch lit rt @CooperMalokia: my 3yo Dodge ,&amp; I dammed to JA's 'Live &amp; Rare' .He esp liked 'LA Medley'! My kid has great taste huh?
Buddha lite.(Skin and Bones) Rt @DanVermulst: your songs are like a buddha class I'm 36 and hearing your messages better than ever.
Divine rt @TanyaCreasser: what's it like living so glam i think you are the definition of the word! Loved seeing you in gold here in Chicago
'Nite sweet Rachel rt @rchlwilliams: silly billy :-/ we love u so very much. As I go to bed your day begins..adios amigo
Doin' the same thing w/ da boys today rt @seakahuna: I know you surf..  Our Daddy Daughter tandem surfing. She's 6. http://t.co/4RmOS4dH"
Sometimes I feel like my heart is being crushed, and I am suffocating rt  @rchlwilliams: bloody hope so otherwise a very good impersonator ?
Oh yes I was there rt @RealDavidCarter: @rchlwilliams there's a Janes gig from 2009 in New Orleans on Sky Arts 1 at 9am London time too
Neither can I. (Perform) Then She Did yes rt  @Oceansizelolita: I cannot wait until August... do u like my jane's ink? http://t.co/NdMDCntp"
I know nothing about it. You Sure? Tell me more rt  Rt @rchlwilliams there's a show on #SkyArts at 1am (uk time) on you guys...v excited.
Hopefully where there's life rt  @dougsmith117: @DaveNavarro Kudos! Do u know where the star will be located?
Why do you think I didn't get them? Rt @DJC20: R U kidding me Swedish House Mafia is breaking up? I am annoyed you didn't get them for Lolla
I LOVE HER who compares to her today?? rt @lunaman22 @somewhattwisted Judy garland special on PBS last night, she was an amazing performer.
We treasure your love rt @gothicbydesign @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction ongratulation boys. Always loved you.
Did you mean IHOP? rt @lunaman22 @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction long over due on the star. Up next, HOF.
Best suited with Janis. (Don't know New KIds?)... rt @kellyeee @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction  Janis Joplin and Jane's? weird.
Somewhere Under The Star (You'll find me) rt @zeane_  @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction  #Underground Best Song!!! : http://t.co/n5mWrRyk
Reason now to make vacation plans to Hollywood? rt @Bobbie_Anzalone @DaveNavarro Kudos on the star! I promise to step over it!
Novel! rt @Kun_T_Bastard @WTPnEvents @xsarahsodax @davenavarro Have it play Janes Addictions songs and a light show when you step on it :D
I can relate to Judy Garland (who is somewhere over the rainbow) rt @somewhattwisted who or what is your inspiration?
Wonder if we can customize? rt @WTPnEvents @xsarahsodax @davenavarro Wow what a feeling!!! Can't wait to visit- take a picture on the star.
I need to buy a new harmonica. (What key)? rt @LAwomanPhoto After listening 2 Meija &amp; Cursed Female just now...tho my fave is still My Time
We would walk the streets of Hollywood reading underfoot rt @xSARAHSODAx @DaveNavarro congradulations on your star on the walk of fame!
Who is the distiller (thank you) ? Rt @DJ3one3: got my Jane's tix for Vegas, I have a bottle of French Absinthe for you
I moved (with him). A few mornings after the move he shit on my pillow and left  rt. Was  @bassmanjack: what about Maceo??! :)
Gave him to a farm (LA was no place for such an early riser) @uconncornelius: @T1ger what ever happened to your chicken? The one in Gift?
Ticklish too rt @TickledBlonde: "I want to be more like the ocean. no talking, all action." &lt;3 Perry just makes everything sound beautiful."
I love animals too much than to make them my pets (never home) rt @T1ger: would you be interested in my project http://t.co/WwjkwjYr
I miss Jane's rt @wwjpmumx4: #np "Twisted Tales" by Jane's Addiction love this song)
Fathers Day I'm thinking of getting equip. for kite surfing. Like showing up/ leaving on my own notion. Something rare when you become dad.
I appreciate the zaniness rt @AeroConnor101: right on! You a fan of Mötley Crüe or KISS?
Gorgeous! rt @SumertaDesigns: Just wanted to share my art with you, This carving in Sublime Buddha. Thanks Best to you! http://t.co/LFcIcY8q
LA Woman, Crystal Ship (all the rest) rt @Wolftrail34: @AeroConnor101 Perry, what is your fave Doors song? Mines 'Not to Touch the Earth'
Pleasure 2 get U off(work) rt @tat2jenna: listening to Jane's after a hard 12 hour night shift makes things so much better...Thank You!!"
I would but I'm married 10 years rt @kenzham14: will you marry me?"
I try.. (not to) rt @martinherrerax: Hi what do ýou think about Dave and Jack were not part of the hall of fame? Flea doesn´t answer me :
Last I remember they can do no wrong rt @AeroConnor101: saw your interview talking bout The Doors..is their debut your favorite album?
Cute Tara rt @Tee_Bee: @perryfarrell This explains A LOT about my behavior as a young adult, how 'bout you? ;-) http://t.co/kwWzbD9P"
I need a pump rt @CatManDoo2: @perryfarrell we need some Jane's in 2013 if you can't make this year
Won't say exactly rt @Donna12875: I must say that you are in great shape when I seen you in good ole Hard Knox! How exactly do you do it?
Best not to have feelings-(not an option)? Rt @tarcisiorpc: is it better to not show feelings (to don't be disappointed) or to show it all?
Hope's are fading rt @falseflagjoe: any chance of jane's Coming to England this year?
Are you young? Run! rt @WillGongora: sir, is there any possibility that Sabbath and the keys not play at the same time!!! Come on!!!
We just did Florida? Rt @RJHallner: Listening to you since i was 14. In my 30's now. Never got a chance to see a show. Make it to Florida?
Where do you live? Rt @butterflyjms: I am very happy to finally be able to see Jane's Addiction in concert! Your music means a lot to me :)
We did that for Zep rt @Orangebutterkat: I remember when the Stop! Three days single was released. We had a hotel party just to listen !
I'll bet you are. Curiosity thrills.. rt @AdamStephanson: For real- how much does heroin factor into the creation of epic songs like 3 days?
Desperation rt   @tarcisiorpc: JA/PfP songs inspires me... I wonder what inspired you to write those amazing songs
Sumthin' about winter touring.. Rt @Sean_Connors_73: best show ever.Jane's Addiction.Pixies..Primus.. @Hollywood Palladium in December 1991.
Mee Tooo rt @ultimatebandgrl: I wish @lollapalooza was also in California so I could go. I need to see you guys so bad!
Out of our minds rt @wwjpmumx4: #np "Hard Charger" by Porno For Pyros love love love -&gt; &lt;3 &lt;3
Who turned you on? Rt @WendyAlane1: heard JA 1st time ever. Haven't stopped listening! You tube live videos, Greatest performer EVER!
I can do 50 days. Thx for the heads up. Rt @Emily_rudorf: 50 days until @lollapalooza wahoo!
Just forgot about it.. rt @Aaroncuda:  Did you sell it or give it away in the past? Just misplace it? I'm fascinated with this piece of art.
Sounds like a junkie rt @MattDusza: Went to Milwaukee, Went to Summercamp, but no Chicago date. Any chance of a Secret Lolla Afterparty?
Dunno, You may be racist? Rt @lxvythrs: how come every time I pass a car wash I think of cursed female?
What are the benefits? Rt @DangerMcDanger: Have you ever rubbed Billy Corgan's bald head?
Great to cook to rt @sunspacemusic: Any chance of a DVD from this years tour? And if so would u ever include 1%? Great track"
Bonded by Jane's rt @CheyenneBasallo: Mom took me 2 1st Janes show Ruth Eckerd Hall Fla., Want 2 say its my fav sho \m/ http://t.co/fQlxy772
Though often miserable it's happiest on the road rt @jdr24s Happy that your back on tour bud ! Cheers !
Yeah man Super rt @SpiralRecords1 @AndreKaufman @ebrown225 Supernaut great bass playing by Geezer Butler. How about Symptom of the Universe?
Yes, and I'm looking for it right now. If you find it let me know rt @Aaroncuda was the paper mâché of RITUAL cover life size? You make It?
Some people want to be blocked that's just unconscious knowledge rt @tarcisiorpc Ever needed to block someone on twitter? if not, would you?
You are a little loco. Ask your uncle rt @locoestaban: I live in LA and have always wondered which store she goes to "on St Andrews.
Beyond help rt @Pthebutch: hello sir helped you with transport for the Super Bowl in Indy. You need help when you come this summer?
At the moment Fairies Wear Boots, and War Pigs rt @SpiralRecords1: @spiralrecords1 @ebrown225 Too many to mention. What's yours?
Thx luv. Knowing better sometimes is worse rt @girl_rebuilt: Miss being young??? Saw u back then and in TO this year- Shocked. Same energy."
Is today the greatest? Rt @jfpilote: what do you say if Corgan comes up to you for a Jane's-Pumpkins tour? 1988 was the last time together.
What is your favorite track? @SpiralRecords1: @ebrown225 Sabbath will be killer!
Yes it's normal. I pick my cuticles rt @KENTINJIVEK: These last days, I listen to Xiola (Psi Com) on loop, is this normal?
We've been playing old theaters with old bars (I do miss being young) rt @ferrall420: hey brutha do you ever miss playing old bars?
See 'em both (I will) rt @ebrown225: can't wait for sabbath, RHCP, jack white, love avici and justice. Sorry tohate lineup is too good!
1776 (Washington a dandy) rt  @Mikeyrockstar1: @ebrown225 hey Perry, question for ya. Whatcha reading these days? Need some inspiration
Won't be long rt @Krow3388: @MASON33 yup I was there front row! Gotta do it from the rail or stage! Got ours for the Indy show. Same Spot"
Homeless man: We've played together in many other lives rt @krystlecare rt s: @DaveNavarro &amp; Perry San Antonio Awesome http://t.co/SpGQLAzy
Don't think he likes the idea of hustling. He'll be ok...it's not war rt @CooperMalokia: whoa why's this guy hassling u? I don't like it!
Love Vancouver (spent BDays there) rt  @spike1965: @DaveNavarro Front row center for Vancouver @janesaddiction. Irresistible Forces @ work.
Get your ass in gear rt @ebrown225: while we spend our money, you make yours. I paid to see 8 certain bands, not 4.
I spend millions (on you- buying talent) rt @ebrown225: while we spend our money, you make yours. I paid to see 8 certain bands, not 4
Loved being there rt @DanteSparda504: Awesome! Loved you guys at the Crawfish boil in Birmingham, AL. Hope to see you guys again one day!"
Where do you live? Rt @Krow3388: Hated buying scalped Tix but I had to get my Pit Row 1 for @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins
Something is in the works... rt @DanteSparda504: Will you guys be recording a DVD/Bluray this year? Would love to see the new songs again.
When we first met rt @MASON33: Wow, coming back to Indy, some of us (ME) supported JA at the S.Bowl show. The day we first met. Let's do it!
Does this remind you of your family? (Homemade cupcakes, wife eats half a 1, son eats off frosting)? http://t.co/KTSN5ZLy
Occupy Wall Street (occupy yer head) rt @DrGonzo1981 1 Very supportive of the recent charity work. Janes Addiction such a great band! :)
No you can't please everyone so ya have to please yourself rt @jakesantini  Awesome lolla schedule. Can't be easy trying to please everyone
It's what you'd call "a classy problem"rt @DerekAdamIsHere  Justice vs Childish Gambino vs Kaskade vs Jack White. Are you trying to kill us?
When you give me my time rt @dworkes @AuthorsEmporium @perryfarrell is so thoughtful like that. Aren't you, P? #Danapalooza
He says from his New Jersey home rt @JackDaRippa FUCK LA!
@EttyLauFarrell swings rt @WendyBirdFotos: Still trying to salvage some of my Jane's pics from the Tucson show. http://t.co/YVgCWqSc
It wasn't Super Hero? Rt @tiffpatterson: They played @janesaddiction "Just Because" when @mark_wahlberg walked on stage for Dave Letterman.
They count cups- not teeth in this league. I am sure he has teeth  waiting in the locker rt @EddieHunter_23: how many teeth does he have?
L.A's KIngs won the Stanly cup. Each team member gets to dance with the cup. Ecstatic dogs just been given a bone. http://t.co/fi0GaVgh
8:30 PST are you getting up that early? Rt @MsUltraViolet:  what time is @lollapalooza announcing aftershows tomorrow??
I ask myself the same question rt @Kun_T_Bastard: Hi Perry,, will Porno for Pyros ever get together for a session or tour?
I still stare at her rt @GOPfashionista: @jwfuselier she was his backup dancer.... Ay Carumba.. And she's totally awesome
Don't be afraid (of Jane's) rt @cleegusa: Heard Janes Addiction&amp; Stereo MCs on radio, good show played 2gether in Seattle 10-11 years ago!"
Grammy's are like boxing (the fix is in) rt @candyTman: Could I get a quote about my work creating the Janes Cabinet of Curiosities please?
KB, As much as I want to partake- I save my voice rt @Kun_T_Bastard Do you protect the voice from smoke or partake in celebratory doobie?
Hope you took her somewhere nice rt @AeroConnor101 "this shows too good to be true, how bout I make the night better with your number?" HaHa
Still trying to work it out rt @Stupotoputs Come to Manchester for a gig. Nothing else tickles my fancy. JA for the UK. Come ooooon :)
Let's hear your pickup line? rt @AeroConnor101 Saw the Toronto show. Totally awesome! Got 4 chicks numbers that night..thank you
You seem to be doing well Henry rt @HenryShautha: My life changed when I was at lolla last year. I’ll never miss it again
Written for that occasion rt @Yearofthedragon: @KingCasper @DSVWProducer Great song to put on repeat and make love to your woman (or man)...
I hope your cutting cake with that knife? Rt  @MERCILESSMOFO: Life changed at 16 when I first saw Janes in 1991. You are my favorite band!
That 1 is set to fly live rt @KingCasper: @DSVWProducer You have that old swagger back. Listening to "Put a little Water on it" proves it...
Need 2 spend more time on the wife rt @mrorangeshaded: @coopermalokia / love interaction between PF and all his twitter fans. It's awesome.
25th anniversary coming; perhaps rt @fede01_8: surprises me u never remastered &amp; re-released the first 2 rec w/bonus track.P. Floyd did 15xs
Very compelling good work rt @UnitasQuick: Perry??!!! http://t.co/RwxHQxrQ
Too many middle of the road song writers. Help us! Rt @CooperMalokia: @mrorangeshaded Not much new- unique &amp; rocks. Like The Blk Keys, too
= ease your pain and suffering rt @ethree423: does "give the world back what it gave..." = I'd DIE for you?  Stays on my mind a lot lately.
Welcome. (Ya hear me?) rt @DSVWProducer: Ive memorized ur vocal tonalities. Using it to rite a vocal line. It'sUr voice I hear distinctly.TY
We'll do our best to entertain her rt @RickMahurin: @DaveNavarro Wife always wanted 2 C Jane's Stars align Aug 23rd (her b-day). Thanks guys
Their story needs to be told rt @llatoo: Thank you for showing respect to Los Jaivas and put them in a place that they deserve, you're nice!
I'd say we hit the nail on the head it rt @crackedhead: 92 was a great year http://t.co/LuSkD941
My calling rt @leahk14: @EttyLauFarrell That's when I'd call in Perry and have him handle the tattoo snafu
I'm curious too rt @TracyMorganQT: @johnnydonutzzz Fresh songs R the best -splash &amp; curiosity - kill!! wonder how they will translate live
Does it cost more than a tennis ball? Rt @AKGlass: buy this on amazon the best ball ever! Trigger Point TP Massage Ball http://t.co/98fwyr0v
The friendly skies rt @78SUNNIE I work @ the airport ppl always ask if I've ever been starstruck In 10yrs the only person was Perry. I cried
When I met Etty she had a FBird rt @heyshanaynay You should come up to N. Sierras @ Bounce Festival next weekend. We would love to have you
Yoga mat, tennis ball, and a towel rt @Orangebutterkat:  What should I do for my bad back? #ow
So much good music from different parts of the music world rt @pzkimball: @TinaFuckinRoxx and didn't @Goldie also DJ at that show?
Yep still deadicated... Rt @barts2gone: so glad you've still got a little dead in ya- loved ur ripple on deadicated album!
I do not.. Touring with Femi Kuti... Ah, The great tour of 97' rt @TinaFuckinRoxx: I wonder if Perry has one of these. http://t.co/hM5kPBRD
Etty's old stomping ground rt @PatrickJoyArt: Excited to see you @ Bumbershoot! Fantastic art with the greatest band in the world?
Put on The Great Escape Artist (get out of your head) rt  @leCultVult: LOL. I would but I'm in Phoenix and it's a hundred and death outside.
Time to go outside rt @leCultVult: @Aaroncuda 3 Days (and Hendrix's Hey Joe) on auto repeat for...hey! three days now. 10+ mins. of ecstasy.
Socialize rt @JohnSamosa: My manic suppression. Any cure for writer's block?
Not sure. I think I was daydreaming rt @JTDomination90: Are pixies really recording?!
I don't have a favorite really. I enjoy singing all of them (true). I miss the stage... Rt @Aaroncuda: I would've expected THREE DAYS
What great memories rt   @PipGreetham: but 3 days, especially live when I saw it late 80s. Sure you here it all the time but what a song.
Back then we fought phantoms rt @Matthew1373:Good God's Urge will always be one of my favorite albums. Unbelievably well orchestrated.
Jane Says is another generation's "Falling in love with you" by Elvis rt @Aaroncuda hey perry- what song are you proudest of having written?
That set recieved glowing reviews rt @heavynuggets Loved the Jane's set at Summercamp. I also love that you hate glowsticks as much as I do.
They do, (Hez just asked if I would dj his bday party) rt @WTPnEvents lol theyll understand when theyre 18plus n see their parents perform.
Yes Jerry was a sight and sound to behold rt @xSARAHSODAx wish I woulda seen the Dead!
The freshest songs (from the new record). rt @johnnydonutzzz Hey Perry, do you have any “favorite” songs you like to do live??
Fleetwood Mac vids this morn. Thought Jane's Addiction had problems? Got to love  Green Manalishi w/ a two prong crown. http://t.co/oZUtaiJo
Greatfull Dead vid (Hard To Handle- Pigpen). My children wonder why I'm clapping so? Like the crowd- I'm trying it out. http://t.co/BFEWTi4W
We loved Chile. Thanks for having us! rt @beaca31: Liked Chile? Must come back!
Singing and dancing rt @CooperMalokia: so, PF, how do you keep that body? Surfing? I'm amazed.
I hear you rt @ericaguilherme: Congrats on the new janes album, finally some new music worth listening to
As much woman as a man can handle rt @CooperMalokia: @tat2jenna @EttyLauFarrell He must deserve it! she's polite, but stands her ground!
Bless yer Kunt rt @Kun_T_Bastard: @perryfarrell See u in Vancouver on the 31st, wish me luck tickets go on sale in 25 mins
Thx for telling me. Makes me so happy rt @beaca31: Jane's adictions has been playing at the radio stations in santiago chile this last days!
Yes I would rt @minnadoll: should I come spend my 21st (aug 3) at lolla's 21st??
She married me rt @msamysteele: @heydunlap why do couples have to do EVERYTHING together? Perry's great, but she has no taste in music!
Fair to all (except Doug) rt @CooperMalokia: @tat2jenna  @EttyLauFarrell she really is. Got her head on straight, unlike most celebs!
Woof! Rt @lollafence: knows RT @Jenniferdulloa: Anyone have a clue where I could miraculously purchase a lolla ticket? 😢 #desperate
I like it rt @stibby43: please add Splash to the setlist for Pittsburgh!
She's just not that into me rt @heydunlap:  Damn it, why can't I make up my mind. Help me convince my girl to see you at Saltair. Ideas?
likee... rt @bubbacarrnow @youtube Vidéo clip Transfiguration: http://t.co/rcE61SoZ via @youtube
Nuns don't get it (on) rt @Wolftrail34: my senior quote was rejected by nuns "On this tree, among the blossoms, caustically, I am the thorn.
No I have nothing to do with it. However my partners have taken it on. Rt @qulk: Did you buy Australia's big day out festival
Not pickin on ya rt @aaron_fredrick: Bet ur right! It could be your clothes. It @aaron_fredrick: Don't know many classic girls these days.
It could be your clothes. Rt @aaron_fredrick: I don't know many classic girls these days.
If they shine on you you're a lucky one rt @tat2jenna: @EttyLauFarrell.....her eyes.... http://t.co/impqlqpk
Hmmm?! Rt @fliprq: @leCultVult how do you like that for the lolla 2013 line up?
The Durantula rt @CooperMalokia: @perryfarrell @ecu_ox so, give me a cooler name for my Kia Rondo, the modern version of a statiowagon.
I do hope your right rt @ClaytonMacleod: @perryfarrell Got my Vancouver tickets. You're forgiven. ;) http://t.co/BhLsTarU
Still is Pixies r recording rt @leCultVult: Back in the day the cool kids at my high school it was all about Jane's Addiction and the Pixies
They have no choice- but yes rt @BrianJaykell: @ecu_ox Are your kids surfing with dad yet??
Just gets weirder rt @aaron_fredrick: the weirdness doesn't wear off!!
We prefer to call it the surf mobile rt @ecu_ox: Would've never pegged you as a mini van guy. Tell me my eyes are deceiving me.
And do SF proper? I've put in an inquiry already.. Rt  @UCLA_Bruin: will you guys be coming to San Francisco?
There you go rt @Yearofthedragon: @jfpilote Rollins
U have a dear friend rt @kelaine74: My beautiful friend bought me tickets to the jane's show in Andy. Can't wait to see you on my birthday!!
Take Danzig off the list Rt @jfpilote: who wins the battle of fittest rock frontman: Danzig, Iggy Pop, Farrell, Jagger ? #toughpick
Wishing a happy birthday to the wildest wizard of guitars @DaveNavarro. How you doin' bro- is NY holding you up or is it letting you down?
My car. Here he is.. Rt @nicholas_VN: Person who broke into your house sucks- missed you @ #EDMbiz http://t.co/h0p2HdKT
2 months seems like forever rt @AA_Pietruska: @lollapalooza cannot get here fast enough.
Our next leg coming in August! Rt @escape_artist13: Perry, the Theatre of the Escapists tour isn't over yet is it, or am I simply mistaken.?
What a gal! (Our Carol) rt @Blogtownbycjg: @EttyLauFarrell @janesaddiction THANK YOU! What a show! http://t.co/7D9e4HFl
The thought of sleeping in our own bed, we glided over the stage together.  Hoping this beach weather lasts all summer. http://t.co/TpQBLK8X
Jane's loves Colorado rt @Azumi_Snows: @janesaddiction R playing Colorado Springs in August The weekend of my Bday YEAH!!"
Have you been to bed? Rt @chriscantore: epic show last night in chula vista / top form -- made me proud to be a fan since 1986. #respect
Easy living rt @francinelenet: once in lifetime- saw my all-time faves jane's addiction warm up backstage b4 show. thank u @DaveNavarro
3 (days) rt @medimizzle: @stephenperkins amazing show again last night in the bay!! http://t.co/Y1czj5PC"
Sitting in a tree rt @ValerieClemmer: loved the show in Houston. Congrats on ten. still swooning over my smooch for15. http://t.co/NgINbNRl
I am home (finally) rt @BrianJaykell: @brianjaykell Was back stage for show, saw you limping? Great show!
Home... Rt @GiselleEV: Popped my @janesaddiction cherry with the best performance I've ever seen!!! you're amazing!! http://t.co/iyxrkWkI
We here rt @GiselleEV: Finally get to cross off my bucket list @janesaddiction!!!! So excited to see them. Perry and @DaveNavarro being it!!
Thanks love. We're parking rt @webgirleey:  you're amazing, every time! Mad mad love!
So you'll have us all to yourselves. Not too much to ask rt  @fresa80: We want our Janes straight with no chasers.
Dana Point in September rt @humanh8er: @forgttnhrt @DaveNavarro @stephenperkins R U guys gonna be in OC CA at all?
Possessive rt @DrewzDwn4Unity: Rock on today in SD! I'd be there but not a fan of festivals and fav. bands. I want my Janes all alone.
Same page rt @nena_eliuth: Quick nap before heading to @91X #XFest! Can't wait to see @janesaddiction  @davenavarro @stephenperkins"
I'd TBow 3-4 ft. Glass Rt @BrianJaykell: Good shape, a little small. 3-4 ft sets. Great! Ready for tonights last show. Push that instrument!
Five wasn't hard the high was easy rt @kalebaskew: You guys absolutely killed it last night! Thanks for the high five at the end of the set!
Must do SF right rt @forgttnhrt: @DaveNavarro, @stephenperkins .... thank you for another great time tonight. Please come again soon!
Debauchery rt @rachelleramm: Wicked great job tonight. Nice tarot card pull at the end.
How was it? Rt @BrianJaykell: Let's go for a surf this morning!!
@91X as
Will sing it tonight in SF rt @somewhattwisted: I hope that I'll go to Lollapalooza Can you sing End To The Lies? It's my favorite song.
Love ending our tour in San Diego. Let's celebrate rt@91X: are you ready for tomorrow!?! We're stoked to see you at #xfest 2012!
Fine wine rt @TheFabulousOne: My blog post on the Jane's Addiction show the other night: http://t.co/6bJ4jpkx It was the BEST set!
BB for my bistering fingers rt @bwyman: @suzanbond the only sad part is perry is using a blackberry. sounds like it was blisteringly good.
We really have improved rt @DrunkSoviet: @DaveNavarro See you there! First Jane's show ever. Girlfriend is a veteran tho. At Lolla # 1 PHX.
I don't see them around much rt @psycho_lady: @johnkurc  Perry, ur a big time lover, so ur loved by many. The haters really hate themselves.
Totally wasted rt @darsil1: Are you bringing Theatre of the Escapists to SoCal? Waste to see you guys for 50 min at a festival
Have you been noticing bears around here? http://t.co/cogGsGWi
Show me a pic rt @indiasamantha: my dad won't stop talking about your show last night. You couldnt miss em. 6'2" bald glasses! In the pit
Beyond (reason) rt @iamGreenDragon: Morning - why do Tucson vs Phx - any reason ? Just wondering
He was a hater rt @jamesjgutierrez: Hitler had more lovers than haters. RT  So true rt @johnkurc: @psycho_lady When you http://t.co/lQw8QZP2
I appreciate you rt @MJ_333: From Goodyear, AZ. About 40min west of Phoenix and 2hrs45min from Tucson.
Give moms a big hug rt @LLSEANDAVIDSON: "what's this song honey? I like it." "It's Broken People by JA." When mom digs a song it's good.
Not judging rt @tarcisiorpc: nice appearance on funny or die hahahah pretty funny, wish it was longer"
We share everything rt @johnkurc: Perry did @EttyLauFarrell give you some of the Champagne? ;-)
Next year will have great energy rt @erikreyn: I'm so happy you brought Lolla to Chile
I have (very nice).. rt @somewhattwisted: can you visit my tumblr? It's dedicated to Jane's Addiction (: http://t.co/KLzQvlu9"
Maestro Dobel Diamond rt @JMelzer: @perryfarrell no wonder it went down nice tequila is my favorite. Must have is the brand?
And I drink it. It makes me happy rt @jimmyDeviljames: @runshanerun @dobeltequila he has a family and it's easy money. There's more to life.
Makes him look good rt @txnorwegian: @dobeltequila A long time fan and you DID look great. Love the ad - and Etty was stunning, as always!
He rocked (mustaches) harder rt @MyTwittah: Is it safe to say that is our generations Freddie Mercury?
Mensa member rt @JonnaKW: Tequila? Good. Perry Farrell? F*ing great. Problem I see in ad w/ both is empty shelves from the rush on Dobel
Milk (For cookies) at @misscarrielouis: Book, clean apartment, window open, breezee, cookies baking &amp; @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro
So true rt @johnkurc: @psycho_lady When you have more lovers than haters....Everything is alright."
Must have (tequila) rt @JMelzer: Thank you for the bottle of vodka at summer camp. What kind was it? It went down nice and smooth.
I'm ten rt @Crowmetheus: How do u stay in such great shape Perry? Dave too. Strict diets and committed training regimes? You still got it :)
Drink rt @psycho_lady: Do haters make you sad, amused, angry, or more determined?
Will be dizzying rt @pekelagarto: Hey cant wait.. " 21 #lolla coming soon " ... But the afters!?!
May you elude traffic jams on yer BDay rt @Nayrb_Shannon:  Tomorrow is my 41st B-Day...Will You Wish Me A Happy B-Day...I'd Like that!!!
San Diego (happiness) in 2 days time. Rt  @TheIckiest: when are you guys going to play in Cali/Irvine I need some happiness in my life! ;o)
From where? Rt @MJ_333: glad I made the drive to see @janesaddiction @stephenperkins @davenavarro  in Tucson, it was epic! Thanks"
Something made you stop and stare that day rt @mrbirdman305: "look away look away, but you couldn't look away/Curiosity Kills #KillerLyrics"
Yes and people are staring rt @mossylog: you talked to ice t lately?
Rest now (you no rest in Chitown) rt @rmastrosimone: @EttyLauFarrell @allihagendorf @lollapalooza I"m in this year!! Can't wait. #GoodTimes"
Thought I look great  rt @runshanerun: not that you'll care, but a longtime fan (1987),so disappointed to see @dobeltequila ad campaign. Sad
Pants and no shirt- so.. Rt @TheFabulousOne: Hey,  what are you wearing tonight? I need to coordinate.
I can act (like an idiot) rt @sunspacemusic: that U Be Da Judge bit was funny as hell. U are awesome
You are right (insane) rt  @TracyMorganQT: http://t.co/mhMHK9Pt why not live? setlists made by someone insane? u leave out +15 great songs.
Please don't eat my face rt @MiffTuck: Berry Farrell #replacerockstarswithfoodstuffs @perryfarrell http://t.co/VmfdTMVt
Sunny and warm no chance of rain rt @MyTwittah: "Hope is just another form of prayer" - perryfarrell
You minded me. To write a song rt @Tattoo_Guy Cheer up - didn't you just say something about not hurting your neck looking back at regret?
My imperfections show my imperfections rt @Tattoo_Guy Don't apologize - your imperfections show your humanity. Make us love you even more.
I can't say that I was.. Head was on shoulders, but my mind.. rt @BONXlife please, I was there. Thank U for coming, hearts n thoughts 2 u
Which explains what the last thing I do before showtime is... rt @cmart5572 i found it fascinating. Stephen informed you your fly was open!
Nothing hurts worse than broken ween. Had a friend who did that once rt @patrparkinson You hear about the #Ween breakup? Were you a fan?
We don't deserve a holocaust @tat2jenna @Tattoo_Guy YES IT ROCKED!
I was atrocious, I'm so sorry rt@Tattoo_Guy We were in Raleigh and it was as rocking.. I don't know which show the reviewer was watching.
I'm not funny when I try rt @defmarianna91 Just saw you on Funny or Die.One thing, I.NEED.MORE.FUNNY.PERRY.VIDEOS! ♥♥♥♥♥
I needed it too rt @PhilJacques Thanks for a FANTASTIC performance last night in Denver!!!
and relieves alergies rt @mossylog does too much honey hurt your belly?
Thanks for the nice review. The 1 bad show I did on this tour was due to an emotional meltdown (why lord?). Fine now..rt @westword_music
What to do on 14 hour drive(Az).? Pandora + Jawbone, peanut butter n syrup Bailes n Chai new riders chime in on music selection. We're here.
Always chase those dreams. It strains the neck to look back at regret. http://t.co/2H7PT7jG @DobelTequila - Maestro @PerryFarrell
Doing great. How's our nation's heroes? Rt @rock_4_recovery: @perryfarrell Hows that guitar we gave U in Houston? I'm getting more in July."
Reminder: Tape Yer Faces To Yer Skulls rt @suzanbond: Stoked for @janesaddiction tonight. and @davenavarro are going to rock #Denver.
@dobeltequila: 'The worst thing that could happen is 4 u 2 nvr have experienced something, yearn for it all ur life' http://t.co/3kuVg4vq"
It's delicious! rt @sixteenshells: Whenever I drink lemonade, I'll think Jane's Addiction's PF: http://t.co/pCP9XE8O via @westword_music
I once carried a used Giordanos pizza onto a plane to NY rt @courtneybjorn we love Giordanos,  went last year on Sunday when the storm came.
Just need a harp rt @mrbirdman305 do you ever song the song "My Time" anymore ?  From the 1st album Live at the Roxy. Love that tune man!
Saying something stupid (like I love you) rt @tarcisiorpc: If you could sing only one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Summer Camp rt @patrparkinson: Cool shot! Where in Ill.? RT On the other side of the fence- backstage in Illinois .. http://t.co/6ou1QUii
With no idea where I'm coming from rt @Yanstadotcom: Cool part of the story.. Love em or hate em. Mom 'll  know Perry/ Janes &amp; all his songs
Sure hope so. I love Australia rt @Koj1969: hi any plans to come back to Australia ?
Yes, that's the Mansion Party, 1997 in Los Angeles rt @super8mm68: Hey can you name this show? http://t.co/4EXtQdEh
That's a safe bet rt @JulAnSu: No, you're right...
I surely remember this last batch... Rt @BobbyV20: Do u remember every show or does it all blend into 1?
I decided to shut my eyes and just sing.. rt @bigguyatthedoor: I had an incredible time at your show in Raleigh, NC!!! http://t.co/svTRRene
Mine too! Rt @ResonantPassage: saw  Perry and @DaveNavarro last week in Charlotte. Ears are still ringing! What a show.."
There a difference. between fright and annoyance rt @JonnaKW: People fear spiders/ masked men with axes. Glow sticks are  YOUR nightmares ;)
I don't think glow sticks are cool- that's my say. Here- a pair of "Cool Glow Glasses". Apparently I'm wrong... http://t.co/AowmfwYq
Blocked (from memory) rt @Aaroncuda: @caravanthieves @summercampfest I remember lolla in Cleve JA cut short Perry took glow stick in the eye
That could take a while rt @concertdude: Hope to see you in San Diego next Sunday. Then hope to see you get pfp to tour.
I'd rather forget rt @CaravanThieves: @SummerCampFest - funny memories. Glowstick war between Perry and idiots throwing them took the cake.
Yes, wives love a good dinner rt @RickPoet: Flying to Chicago tomorrow from L.A. with my lovely wife. Should we have dinner?
Just on the other side of the backstage fence in Illinois. No fence jumpers.. Golden stalks of corn. http://t.co/6ou1QUii
Bad 4 the environment rt @GrCan420: Thank you for showing #summercamp #scamp how a real rock star does it. Amazing visuals, #NoGlowSticks
I count 'em like sheep rt @goatsntrees: Thanks for last fridays show! I am still rockin. Mrs.Farrell is awesome. U know, u r a blessed man.
Last show of tour with my friends in San Diego! rt @crob71: Getting ready for the xfest with @janesaddiction next Sunday. Going to be epic!!
We're doing "Of Course" now post.. rt @erikwaxler: why the wish u were here songs pre and post concert? Love Floyd and JA!
Their little heads go up and down rt @SuperKarman: "Something you don't see everyday. 2 horses fucking" - We have lizards down here in FL.
Consensual horses rt @UC13: your 1st donkey show perr? RT @perryfarrell: Something I don't see everyday- 2 horses fucking. Just now.
It Lolla's 21st too! Rt @The_Bae_Bae: Lolla is on my 21st bday this year (aug3rd) CANT WAIT! thank you for bringing such an incredible event
Something I don't see everyday- 2 horses fucking. Just now. That's what you get when you tour America! #Iconic
No, cruising the wide open plains of Nebraska for the next few hours rt  @XIAmAnAlienX: see @janesaddiction tomorrow! Are you in Denver yet?
Still having them! Hi PV, KB! rt @DJPaulV: @KarynBryant Nothing but amazing times with you, me, and  back in the day http://t.co/XYEKanaB"
Do you live on a ranch? That's cool rt @Saspirilla7272:  You did a beautiful thing going on this tour ! Something I know i'll never forget.
Wild blushery Rt @sugarfreeNJ: love the pic of you in this week's @RS for Dobel Tequilla...HOT!!
Yeah, with a pack of glowsticks rt @MattDusza: Fuck that guy with the Glowsticks #SCamp #SCMF2012 #Summercamp
Hung out with Pete last night. There is a chance rt @bingato: Epic show on Miami Beach last week... Any chance of a Porno For Pyros tour ??
Wonder what I look like naked?.. rt @LilMsPsychopath: Walked in Crawfish Boil in AL loving JA &amp; walked out in love with Perry #groupielove
Let's hear?.. Rt @GodsHoneybadger: man, the things I wanted to do to you back then. Wait, I hope that wasn't inappropriate, lol.
What's the question? rt @BeaKiedis: Is Perry answering any question of his fans? :O I wanna be answered by him!
Young (and dumb) rt @GrungeJunkie385 Watched the "Been Caught Stealin'" video. Look so young. Classic video too. Early 90s vids are the best
If they'll do a cover of Mountain Song rt @barts2gone In honor of the stones 50 yr. anniversary u should resurrect sympathy for the divil.
Guide me WWJ rt @wklywinejournal: @TheFabulousOne been a fan of @perryfarrell since pre Nothings Shocking. Saw him in '90  @Primus &amp; @Pixies
Paul, You know- we are playing Boston this summer?(See you) rt  @ThePaulBuckley: Killing it at summer camp! Well worth the trip from Boston!
Must watch the playback. I'm a natural! (never cheerleaded)? Rt @fiddlebird: #scmf2012  just did a Russian. (the classic cheer leading move)
RU talkin' 2my jewfro? @LoriAnne40: Can't wait Jane's in Bethlehem n Philly in Aug. Hope I can get 2 both! Get ready 4 humidity in PA Perry!
Playin' Jane rt @Link0995: The pool party was quiet until I blasted JA &amp; What I wouldn't do for another Fl Concert!
I had a 62 Nova and braids rt @escape_artist13:  Wondering about that Nova. Artistic imagery / artistic liberty or based in/on a bit o'fact?
The latter more completing. Go Pit.! rt @Hectojack: I've never been caught steeling and  never been to your show. My life is not complete.
I'm gonna milk cows rt @PSD25: Hell yeah! Ready for #janesaddiction Aug 8th in #syracuse @davenavarro this is a check off my bucketlist!
If heckling =s Love. Rt @Dr_KMW: True? Did you heckle @billy in the Viper Room 2010 during a SP concert, led him to stop the show? #Rumors
I'm feeling it Ida rt @lda3443 summertime rolls this time around, please! That song always brings back great memories of Lolla '91!
And I loved his. Our first tour  rt @heberbensi  I saw a Joey Ramone interview yesterday and he liked your band so much =)) hugs.
Value your treasures. A space becomes a garden yields fruits veggies shade and joy. A treasure could also be a person. http://t.co/yLtWT8J8
She is- a beauty rt @Peripheral74: @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro Still my best night. #janesforever #guitargods http://t.co/sXxuwdpP
How is the experience so far Bryn? Rt @brynrich: I hope you meet @chickenheadfan at Summercamp
A praia rt @somewhattwisted   When you came to Brazil,what was the thing that you most liked?
I still have Bali Eyes... rt @priyoz DOGS RULE THE NIGHT ~ Porno for Pyros ~ #np Ubud has this moment , agree with me, Sir Perry??
The most outlandish afterparty ever conjured rt @joelhenriksen any big after shows for Lollapalooza?
Amy, what you gonna do? (Don't cry!) rt @TheFabulousOne: Thank you guys, SO MUCH! My favorite. To the point I cry when I see them live.
Black Sabbath John, U Comin' out? Rt @johnvarvatos:, Summer in the Hamptons. Love this shot from @lollapalooza 2009! http://t.co/1ECJAZam
We are a state away from you in Pioria IL... Rt @joelhenriksen: Coming to Omaha anytime soon?
Play the martini shaker rt  @EchoSkeletal: I don't want to see you at a festival. I want to see you on my patio. I'll play the egg shaker!
See what you're working with. August tour we'll perform it. rt   @Banzai_Buckaroo: Splash a little water on it...
I recommend the Hymlic and don't draw so hard rt  @baaraytaylsay: I second this, choking oto see it
You mean Dr. Oxtar ? Rt @ecu_ox: Paging Dr. Googenheim
Your Free!? Rt @erin5w: Best divorce present ever! Thanks for an epic show. It was worth the 20 year wait. http://t.co/ZQGKVSGT
Living it up rt @TracyMorganQT: man! splash is JA best song since RDLH, same for Underground, How dehell do u stay creative so long?
Are you there yet? Is it on? Rt @Rob_Himself: @DaveNavarro can't wait to see you at Summer Camp tomorrow. You guys should stay and camp.
Good people in Knoxville rt @Tattoo_Guy: Goodbye Perry - thank you for so much! Come back to Knoxville soon - we will miss you!
Alright already rt @F1princess: @PistoleroFilms @jasonturley High time Perry released a digital copy of the gift I still have it on video!!
With a "P" rt @kellyeee: truly a perfect show... check out Perry and @DaveNavarro http://t.co/FKTroQkc
Goodbye Knoxville. Sweet memory The south preserved their beautiful old venues. That's entertainment http://t.co/xJ4GaMIY
Loop
Is she (Jane) really going out with him? Rt @meoskop: I need @JoeJacksonMusic and @perryfarrell to do a track together..
Tennasushee Rt @kellyeee: you &amp; @EttyLauFarrell should come down from the TN theater to @namasushi for some great sushi before the show
Bring your baby rt @NYRHOUND: Just got my tickets for Pittsburgh. A baby born the last time I saw u is legal to have a drink. #been2long
Bring chowda rt @ThePaulBuckley flying from Boston to see janes at summercamp on Sunday... ShAll I bring some lobstahs dipped in hot buddah?
Backstage riot rt @ohnoono @DaveNavarro  I work for a bakery in Knoxville called Mer Mer's Bakery.We would love to bring you some cupcakes!
They are hanging in my house rt @chiriubses  Very happy that you have my drawings. Big hug for all the inspiration you created in our lives
I was thinking of Honus Wagner! Rt @LLSEANDAVIDSON: In a previous life u were a ballplayer with one of those turn of the century moustaches?
Wow, those gardens make me want to have a garden. I think I will! Rt @TheIckiest: Chef Debbi’s Gardens http://t.co/Gm1ZPIoe
Happy BDay LA! Rt @Mike_at_JA_org: Wish my favorite classic girl a happy Birthday @LAwomanPhoto One of the most beautiful people I ever met.
Why- the "Swingers" of course rt @fdaallday: if you had a baseball team, what would you name it?
We are at the gym.. We're good rt @davem234: @EttyLauFarrell Maraschino cherry moonshine. That's got to be one fierce week-long headache.
Throwing a ball is as much fun as anything. More fun than a lot of things. Throwing knuckle balls.. http://t.co/14TRsy5a
That's Maraschino cherry moonshine. From a liquor store in Tennessee. Really.. rt @EttyLauFarrell: What?!? http://t.co/1FO9E88h
Prove it! rt @graceandmanners graceandmanners Things got straight up erotic between Chris Chaney &amp; myself at band/crew bbq in Knoxville.
Shot of tequila rt @davidsnyder73 thanks for GREAT show in Charlotte! That was one of if not best shows I've ever seen You guys were awsome!
What you don't see is the still set deeper in the woods (we're in Tennessee) Duke Spirit... http://t.co/KmdI6GSc
Matt my friend- I'll never tell (So. Cal) rt @MattMannall: speaking of surf where is the wave in Stop? Great clip and always wondered.
Ow! (Brain hurts) haven't gotten to Clevland set list rt@Aaroncuda: will you Be playing CLASSIC GIRL and THEN SHE DID in Cleveland?!?
You've reminded me. Answer: One day rt @17purpleskullz: hey there perry.....is Gift still going to released on DVD? if so....when?
N.C the state that borders S C and Georgia to the S, TN to the W and VA to the N? rt .@mikelayne Got the Charlotte thing down, but it's N.C
N.C who's climate on the coastal plain is influenced by the Atl. Ocean? rt @jmears333  You're in N. Carolina baby. NOT South! Love U though!
You sure? Where the English came n promised 100's of acres of land to other Englishmen- establishing N. Carolina? @TheLibraryCH N.Carolina!!
Ah missed it (Need medicine) rt @escape_artist13 hey man got medicinal bubble hash at oven's tonight wanna get down and smoke a lil'? ~€|3
Was told we're in S.C. before I was pushed out there. LuvU N.C @lshpritz We're in N.C not S.C. Sad. Loved you since 1990. Hope you had fun.
Cheap (Absynthe) isn't something I would prescribe rt @wmichael4 @KENTINJIVEK  Yes I have. Produced on Slovakia. Quite nice and cheap btw.
Playing to goats n trees rt @goatsntrees thank 4 rocking our little town. Janes is the 1st. Cool band 2 visit us ever!! Bring u welcome wine
I was chasing (the surf) at the time rt @jfpilote If any rock frontman was fitted for the Point break surfing gig, it's you and not Keidis
You have a dark side rt @Mel_Zombie  You were trying to soundcheck last night and everyone keep asking u for autos/photos.. thank you! :)
That's a funny question. Answer: Only the good ol' parts rt @Fritters7 Ahhhhh,the good old days,remember them Perry?
You have a good point rt @4tea2 Someone who cannot appreciate Jane's Addiction will never truly be hot in my estimations.
Was their a question??????? rt @Inlove4ever0718 You are definitely an amazing entertainer/singer/musician.
I love both and yes we'll do Underground for you rt @goatsntrees  any chance of underground in 2 morrow nite? Also do u prefer wine or beer?
2 fresh boys rt @IndianaShomes: one of my faves. NIN/JA tour 6/6/09 in NJ. #amazingshow #iphonestakegreatpics #JA4L http://t.co/fY04MNyF
Was he hot? Rt @4tea2: Opened the door wearing  Nothing's Shocking t-shirt. The postman stared aghast. I guess something's still shocking.
North Carolina right?! Rt @JoeAusmanCLT: @DaveNavarro thanks for a kick ass show last night in Charlotte. #truerockgods
Maybe(not)- but I do like hearing suggestions rt @barczar69: please will you play "Obvious"when in Connecticut? It needs to be heard by all!
Great teams always improve with time rt @mikelayne: @skirks22 great! @janesaddiction and @DaveNavarro sounded better than ever!
Oh yes, will you bring some authentic French Absinth to the show?(Expensive) I'll trade 4 tix Rt @KENTINJIVEK: have you ever taste Absinth ?
Oh how I love them manwhores! rt @mike_manwhore: need to feel at home get you some food from cabo fish taco. My fiance brooke works there!
Big ol' world! rt @ultimatebandgrl: growing up was hard times. Placed in group homes, changed schools a lot janes Addiction helped me escape
A hankerin' fer Whores rt @tgerrick37: @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro tickets in hand for tonight!Praying to hear Whores! http://t.co/0yl9CQ1A
I've made a pact with @DobelTequila http://t.co/nqgVRqdT please welcome them as Official Tequila of @Lollapalooza - Maestro @PerryFarrell
Did we meet? Rt  @OsofskyR: we drove.14+hrs r/t to see you guys in 'clear' 'water' last night. Amazing show!! Next time stop in New Orleans!
Sure bring it over rt @Kat_a_ttack: @MythBusters - will you show the surfboard hovercraft made with vacuum cleaner motors? #MythBusters
I'd pay more in Lawyer bills rt @cndluv: I truly hope you're getting a royalty every time someone sticks "palooza" at the end of something
Missed the old gang rt @kennybrae: hey perr thanks for effort had to take girls to soccer tournament in orlando
Great team rt @festiveintox: Musicians section on #Craigslist:I'll be the Perry Farrell to your Dave Navarro. Response has been overwhelming
Our last show in Gainsvillle, Florida to play a houseparty. I've turned into a vampire not sure how I'll fair under sun http://t.co/fxnGrHjt
Our last show in Gainsvillle, Florida to play a houseparty. I've turned into a vampire not sure how I'll fair under sun http://t.co/s9nSSDUE
We don't suffer fools we outfool them rt @mwchad "What I feel is different than the word love.Love is for fools. What I feel isn't foolish."
They are mighty rt @PepprdSunlight: Listened to @janesaddiction all afternoon. @onlyaliya finally gets to see &amp; @DaveNavarro in Charlotte
That's the plan stan rt @JonnaKW: Give lots of love to Clearwater for me. The very best friend I ever had was a poet who lived &amp; died there.
Rather rt @lukeflesh: Dont care which album, which concert, when Janes Says i turn up a couple notches!! Thk U!! Kick 2 morrow!~~
Don't be. It's a biker term. Lucky Loser 1%er rt  @seakahuna: "That makes me, 1%." I'm confused now Perry.
@nytimes
@kennybrae will I see you after show? Have you +3 for tonight. (Backstage passes)
@kennybrae I have you down + 3 @ Fillmore.
Send to mgmt "Prospect Park" he'll be happy to look at it rt @12DAYFILMS 'WishUponADogStar'. Love the song! Would be Honored to use it!
I layed out today rt @MiamiBeach411: "at this moment, you should be with us, feeling like we do". We'll be with you tomorrow in the pit.
Tag you are the one rt @texanrose:'good call Summertime Rolls'  - 10 of Indie Rock’s Finest Summer Anthems http://t.co/385qYOqH"
I did that a bunch of times rt @tomburleigh: Leaving NYC now for Miami to see @perryfarrell &amp; the mighty Jane's Addiction! Here we go!
I say fuck all the time? rt @BenCrandell: Why  Perry Farrell of Jane's Add is afraid of 'penis' n 'vagina'. http://t.co/M50uaqnr @fillmoremb
My friends at Occupy Wall Street have a new music cd just out http://t.co/UkfMgf2W on itunes. Rebel rock...
They hand me the best ones to read rt @DavidEliau i hope your the one reading my lolla'11 experience i want those tickets!!!!!
Must be why my pants are always falling off me?! rt @bradchais @JanesAddiction  Blows the F UP !!! Perry sings his ass off.
Make your plans now rt @Augura_ Come to MTL Want to see Jane's live before I die. Not planning to die soon, willing to plan a trip to see u!
@audiogirl73 Incredible performance! U say ladies come 4 dave, but I couldnt take my eyes off u (&amp; @ettylaufarrell)... http://t.co/jrTFYGdq
Don't mess w Micky Mouse rt @Link0995 Thank u so much for the backstage Jam &amp; amazing show!!!! #janesaddiction #ScrewTheCurfew LOL!
Don't forget the love bugs rt @meoskop 3 babysitter cancels, 250 mls, hailstorm, flat tire, no dinner Worth it... http://t.co/UPbOGNCg
Don't forget the love bugs rt @meoskop 3 babysitter cancels, 250 mls, hailstorm, flat tire, no dinner  Worth it. Now 5 hrs sleep, car repair
Just doin' my job mam rt@j9duff: http://t.co/3FCDMkgC
We're planning a wonderful evening rt @pekelagarto: Dear Perry our #lolla tickets arrive on Wednesday...Thank you for that!! But the afters?
It appears so friend rt @LLSEANDAVIDSON: So a Boston show is happening?!
Thx 4 the memories rt @brunosuman: Met a girl, who'd never had an orgasm. LOVE THAT PERFOMANCE at JOOLS HOLLAND 1993 &lt;3 http://t.co/UYHtJDlY
That was a fun gig rt @RobertGBobo3: I played guitar with you and LeAnn on Stop Dragging My Heart Around at Lolla in 09 !!! Cheers!
I've played hooky before. Rt @JonnaKW: Why stop in Orlando ~ keep flying &amp; meet me in Puerto Rico! ;) Have a great time in Florida!
By the board rt @zenmagi: @Deezznuts One night glad I'm not working the show. Can't wait to sit in audience and enjoy show #iatse500 #JGMB
I can hear it... Rt @Crashleo:  100 Ways playing on the radio right now! Beautifull!
You have a way with words... rt @RADROVER: Its hotter than a whiskey fart here dude. Don't forget ur flip-flops. Haha!
CU soon kid rt @feistyrone: I'm like a kid going to Disney. Oh wait I am going to Downtown Disney tonight for JA at Orlando HOB. Can't wait!
Boarding the plane to Orlando rt @Link0995: Getting ready to head out to wait in line for the show! Welcome. Can not wait for it to start!
What's the weather like? Rt @88dale3: Already in line at the H.O.B to see you guys tonight. Come stop by outside I would live to meet you!
To the moon (Alice) rt @Deezznuts: Miami Beach is ready for its prodigal son's return. See you at the Jackie Gleason.
Have u seen this show? Rt  @ASherako: my tenth Jane's show tomorrow night! Can't wait! House of blues n Jager shots! Heeeeere wee gooh noow!
She repaired legs like a doctor.. rt @JonnaKW: Beautiful lady, beautiful son. She lives on in you and your children.
Summertime Rolls rt @tkristensen13: Excited to see you in Philly in August! Thanks for visiting us #Philly #manncenter
Thank you!(Sweet as apple pie she was) at @AthenaFatale: She was beautiful!
Love that jacket rt @hollywilliams1: I am obsessed with the fabulous style perry rock star chic &amp;perfect.Balmain jackets are fabulous on him
Not having a mother "made me who I am today" (friends console me). Would I trade in my life, to have my mother?... yes http://t.co/C1FIBWfx
A few years back when Pearl Jam played. Good fun! rt @sozekizer When is the last time you went as a fan? #ACLfestival http://t.co/IYm689Bt
My father would always ask "What the hell is so funny? Your always laughing? I couldn't say (I was laughing at him). http://t.co/tFnlRHCU
Naughty Blue rt @psycho_lady If Dave is darkness and Perkins is lightness, what are you?
Let's set our hearts to match the sun. When it goes down. For keeping sake, a sign for all time. So we both know... http://t.co/FW7Y1DPx
No pal- I meant I may go personally... rt @David_32843 hinted @janesaddiction may be at the 2012 @aclfestival Now I really wanna go.
At the threshhold of death, a single file forms. Portions seperated. "I claim in my own name what I have coming to me". http://t.co/qMSKwsZd
We are your pet. Thank you Kelly! rt @kellyakelly: P4P Pets - greatest song ever! Playing cd over and over! On ipod also! Love you and Etty!
I do recall falling- but not feeling any pain rt  @Phreegamehendge: did u bust ur elbow when u fell n Dallas? Looked like maybe blood.
Ah..Memories (faint).. Rt @josephnothing: please bring #Lolla to Houston again #Janes and #AudioSlave on one stage in 2003 was awesome"
She loves you (it's serious) rt @iDavidMartinez: best wedding present = tickets for #JanesAddiction at the Roxy. Celebrating 14 years!"
Need 2 fast (forward) 4 Sabbath rt @PieEyedPizzeria: #BlackSabbath is going to be epic at #Lolla.. Need to fast forward a couple months
Your crafty.. rt @catdumpling: 'Gift' was  awesome. In high school, my girl and i would watch it almost every afternoon…while making out;)
We R adding songs 2 set rt  @escape_artist13: "splash a little water" August damn, I was hoping it might find it's way to set list by 5-23.
Thanks man! We love seafood rt  @crgage:@EttyLauFarrell In Orlando make sure u eat at jonnie's hideaway which has the best seafood! Xoxoxo"
Garza's BDay! Rt @martinezsteve00: on the way to your show tonight, please give a shout out to my boy GARZA for his birthday, gracias amigo!
Why are you crying? Rt  @the7thpoint: I just finished watching Gift for the first time in 10 years. It made me cry. I love you man.
Declares he's trapped in a man's body rt @EttyLauFarrell: Our tour manager on @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro. Hi @Billy! http://t.co/MJ0NLBnJ
I don't remember falling? Rt @nineforty: Sounded great tonight Look like U had a great time! The fall @ the end was classic! Thx from Dallas
People were saying (Etty)I better bring it.. rt @HonestPanther: . @DaveNavarro and Jane's Addiction brought it in Dallas tonight!
How far to OKC? Rt @JonnaKW: Phenomenal show ~ Can never get enough. Now drag myself back to the hotel. @janesaddiction http://t.co/6Si9ADT1
How did my secret get out? I know- it was that clown masseuse rt @JessieJessup do you like clown porn?
Only to one of my personalities rt @GBPackers1976  I'm more of a P4P fan than a J A.. fan. Does that make me less of a Perry Farrell fan?
May be the acid rt @gregoryoung69  I took acid and listened to 3 days &amp; Then She Did over and over. Made me a better human being. Thankyou.
I have a curse on me (doesn't affect you).. rt @pokerfagg perry the world is blessed to have u. Thx for bein u.
That must be added to the set... rt @RobEmmet  I went to see her pictures ...
Working on it. No answers yet... rt @Stupotoputs I keep asking.. But what about a small England tour!? Manchester awaits you.
Just saw an oil well rt @Bossman_1975 @EttyLauFarrell @DaveNavarro Wish I was w @bootoo82 tonight enjoying @janesaddiction in Dallas. Love U
4U rt @natties_daddy @janesaddiction @DaveNavarro  Three Days in Dallas tonight...not too late to put it into the set list. #allnowwithwings
You're a great photographer! rt @sruiz0426 Sexy! Your music has had an impact on my life! Gift is one of my favorite movies ever! tweet me!
From Oklahoma? We'll do a great show for you darling rt @JonnaKW @janesaddiction In Texas. Sitting at In-N-Out Burger. See you tonight
Last leg (Aug.) rt @gclundquist Any chance "Splash a little water on it" will make it to the set list of upcoming shows? Such a great song.
Best grade I ever received  rt @88MilesWest: Another A+ @janesaddiction show in Houston...Stage show was amazing @DaveNavarro
What song? Rt @12DAYFILMS: Trying desperately to get a hold of someone for use of a Satellite Party song for  an indie film I did. Help?"
We were lucky rt @escape_artist13 : Thank you for Lolla,&amp;the chance to see AdamYauch&amp;TheB-Boys  in '94,all the way down in the dirty south~
A privilege to meet you all! rt @rock_4_recovery Thanks for the hospitality to our wounded warriors..Enjoy the guitar! .. Rock on brother!
I like it. What if we also have a naughty statue in our honor? rt @InternKateSRF: Happy Jane's Addiction Day! From H-Town.
Rollin' On A River rt @djwilson19: @psychonolfi 'alt' &amp; 'grunge' r due... .Wait til Perry is doing 'what the world needs now' w/ beyonce
That would be a (pipe) dream.. Rt @Psychonolfi:  Beasties, Peppers....next year Jane's in the RRHOF
Pickled Daikon Radishes for your birthday! Rt @Crashleo: It's my birthday, can I get a RT :)"
Let me see what I can do rt @instant_karma99: @lollapalooza. I've seen perry spin but I'd love to see him rip it with Janes
Last sips given to a stranger(was good)! rt @JaredLaDuke: great show last night! Here's a good pic of ya drinkin wine! http://t.co/2OJPZxjB
Religious experience rt @ChrisChrisUptwn: 48 hours until Dallas becomes the center of our universe. Let's enjoy the wine and rejoice.
Stylish rt @RocknrollaStyle: @janesaddiction Theatre of the Escapists Tour rolled through San Antonio @davenavarro6767 http://t.co/pynst4R0
Knew I forgot something rt @DavidEliau: @lollapalooza RHCP B Party gaslight m83 miike snow B Keys justice J. White  Were missing JANES ADCT!
Who's the hot ticket D.? Rt @DavidEliau: if i tried i couldnt make a line-up half as perfect as @lollapalooza you killed it perry
Love the idea Nick! Will work on it 4U rt @npbstar: @fullmoon0303 Please come to Chicago play the Aragon. I love the new record so much!.
Can you arrange that Brenden? Count me in rt @BrendenOHanlon: How about a Central Park, NYC show.
2 of my 3 favorite things to hold rt @davidgalvan72: Great pic!!! http://t.co/aTlpfihj
I have a book about Montana 1930's rt  @TomTabler1: Plans for Montana in the future? It's been 21 years since I've been to a Jane's show.
Yes. Staying mad takes too much effort  rt @Mafia_Marz66: how did you like sharing the bill with the cult? Were you cool with ian and billy?
Must meet TB rt @Universal_Guru: @Bumbershoot superb M83, @JasonIsbell, @damienjurado, @blitzentrapper, @thenewno2 freaking @itstonybennett!
Head on a pillow by 4? Rt @zeutsa: Last time I saw Perry I had to drive 19hrs to Chicago #Lolla, So happy Jane's finally came to San Antonio
Club of "don't do" is a club I'll never join rt @tarcisiorpc: which is "better": regret something you did or regret not doing something?
Fresh off the bus rt @Jakers814: @DaveNavarro Your show at the Beale St Festival is my top 3 favorite ever. Fantastic set! Bigger fan now!
Show it no mercy rt @tiffpatterson: @janesaddiction @Bumbershoot ! I gotta kick this Cancer's Ass.. Can't miss that!!! @perryfarrell :)
Really want to rt @Clairemsings: Any plans for Gig in Ireland this year?
Shopping. Always therapeutic rt @MadeNthe80s: July so far away..hmm what to do until my next Jane's show.
Let me think about that- make some calls rt @fullmoon0303: Man, I could use a Chicago show and we could drink on the beach after
Love your name rt @HoneysucklSmith: I loved you and @janesaddiction in Memphis. May have to see a second show in Knoxville, TN was so good!
Ha! Burn for 3 Days! rt @grahamelliot @EttyLauFarrell @lollapalooza the saint candle on display our new @GEBistro #GEB http://t.co/e9P8Wj7e
Too short a time. Let's do it again rt @tigersurf: Thx for Birmingham! Awesome show. Sorry for yelling to you on the elevator too excited!
Should say: Face my melt  @RocknrollaStyle: You're going to a bad ass concert when this is posted up @janesaddiction http://t.co/1lJmRluW
With the ants? Rt @GregGregorie: Perry of Jane's Addiction puts Venice house on the market http://t.co/NpPMKApY I prefer the one in GIFT =
Yes- we need another night together rt @scrogmaster: thanks for the great show in Memphis by far the best show there!
I loved you all night on our island rt @imcshe: Thank you @DaveNavarro for an awesome concert tonight! San Antonio loves you!
And talented rt @RocknrollaStyle: The beautiful @davenavarro6767 and tonight in @janesaddiction San Antonio http://t.co/4bLtQqCx
Why stuck? Rt @SlowCheetah: Everyone but me is seeing kill it on stage. I am stuck at home. ONE DAY I WILL SEE JANES ADDICTION. ONE DAY
Where was it shot Chris? rt @Rkadeios: much love to you guys it took me 20 years to see you thank you for a memory to last my lifetime.
Aries (airhead) rt @cherry_grant: Aries is actually a fire sign, but it's also the go-getter and project starter of the fire signs. :)
Aries (air sign) rt @Rkadeios: I love this pic you go air Perry! http://t.co/vu2AU2Zm
Yes twitter has a photo icon rt @Rkadeios ended up with an accidental photo that is just incredible from the show. Anyway for you to see it?
I still see you rt @kenzham14 Had an awesome time @ Beale Street Music Festival. My favorite show was definitely @janesaddiction &lt;3 u Perry
Got off the streets in one piece, found my true love- who tells me she would stay by me no matter where we end up. http://t.co/iJ0vQnWU
Would love to see it again rt @apblake dang! And it is in amazing condition. Now have to come to DC and sign it before it gets framed! :)
Only 500 printed (by me personally)... rt @apblake: Best record store find in years. #psicom http://t.co/6reEPQeJ
That was the show we recorded the 1st record rt @mike_manwhore: @DaveNavarro @janesaddiction Finally hung on my wall http://t.co/87nRxiDO
21 yrs of showing my face around hasn't gotten old rt @LisaHunk 21 yrs of seeing your face hasn't gotten old...these are the times!
!6 candles for Sarah rt @SaraahHaddad tomorrow is my 16th birthday, please wish me "Happy Birthday Sarah" pleaseee :((( 2
Looks good! rt @AKGlass Are u going to see #DarkShadows next wkend?
Drunkin' bus out of Memphis (5:00 AM) through Arkanas long bumpy roads (please fix). Still- worth it. Good times http://t.co/nVelqrZ6
Chris, That was a Super Moon. Until we meet again.. rt @chrisdavidhays Super Moon, The River Side, And Cricket Bows... Thank you Again..
Lets rt @MadeNthe80s let's party??
Where were you? rt @MoparsRule Wish I was at Beale Street with @perryfarrell. And @janesaddiction. Right fokking now!
Jane's gives facials rt @MadeNthe80s you melted our faces tonight!!! Follow meeeee
Under Super Moon rt @chrisdavidhays Thank you for the greatest show of a lifetime. Memphis Will Always Be Great-full
We're getting ready for you!!! Rt @MadeNthe80s: were coming for you!!! See you in Memphis :)
Obedient Rotweilers I kept 2 for my house rt . @adragon: A Fence? That's gonna last 2 minutes. I know U are joking. U created it!
You mean Lolla Fence n Rotweiler (it's new)? @lollafence: suburban chi kids are getting amped for free #lolla2012 but I am ready. #fenceFTW
Lucky stiffs rt @Kat_a_ttack: - Mythbusters made hover surfboards and raced them on Ocean Beach in SF! @MythBusters
It was an apt. in Venice. Is till park there n surf @CitySoundDJ: Hi Perry. Was "The Gift" shot in your old house? What house was it? Thanks
Oh Moon of Alabama, we love to say good night rt @LJoKitty: Last night. awesome. @perryfarrell @davenavarro #pigsinzen http://t.co/9tIkyciA"
I wish someone would actually invent one of those hover boards from" Back To The Future". I'd love to give it a go. (bus ride from AL to TN)
Great song rt @NoMoBlu: In honor of Adam Yauch who died today at 47. Beastie Boys - Sabotage. http://t.co/e6kUNjSt
Hours away rt @minnadoll: Almost on the way to birmingham for #janesaddiction @DaveNavarro
Adam Yauch was a guy who brought happiness and energy to so many. That is why the news of his passing- is so stifling. Bon Voyage Adam
Where do you live? Rt @Mafia_Marz66: there is NO way I could wait that long! Some of us just need to hear Whores  don't mind traveling!
My god you're patient rt @AllenMaya: 3 more days!!!! I have been waiting for this show for over 15 years!!!
His name is Bubba at @biancashaw93: The crow man at the show will haunt my dreams for many nights to come..Best show ive been to so far.TY:)
That's the way ahu ahu I like it rt  @EvilNTent: Hey, where yat? (New Orleans speak for where are you?) Way too quiet on your end.
Brush your eyes! rt  Rt @hprocksoff: Mr. Farrell talks Bin Laden, one day Jane's going into the R&amp;R Hall of Fame. http://t.co/G5JDwCsX
Down goes MTV! Down goes MTV! rt @tallyhochaps: great if you could get your '97 Halloween NYC (MTV aired) gig on DVD.Would buy in an instant
Buenos Aires greatest city rt @PunkRockUnivers: Greatest Band on Planet : Jane's Addiction. Proof is in the dedication. http://t.co/5VOansVg
I had trouble with braziers rt @genxgina: @perryfarrell @GavinRossdale yeah, it must have been really tough for you guys to get girls...lol
Ah, no... Rt @mossylog: tell him "sex is violent"
Inappropriate material(for parents) rt @sunspacemusic: Out of town when u play orlando visiting my folks &amp; they're coming w me to see Janes
I want my life back rt @nilsnilsnils: i wish you were my dad
In search of Strays rt @jasonirazu: when i was like, 7 years old, i saw 2 dogs doin it, at that time my parents explained the birds n bees
I guess we did struggle in our day... Rt @GavinRossdale: awesome.so considerate and modern..
Wish I had one now (nothing in this house to eat!) Rt @NoSuchManAsJezz: @DaveNavarro you have your own pizza! http://t.co/zYCT48D1"
Younger.Parents did not not rt @raindogs70 Were you younger than your son when you learned about sex. Did your parents talk to you about it?
It's time I had a talk with my son about- sex. I may be too late. Etty discovered naughty websites he's visited."How to remove a girls bra"?
Great for driving home late rt @IndianaShomes @mycaellacastro to match the sun is def one of the best on Strays. LOVE that track. #greatness
How did it feel? I'm inspired to record more songs like that in the future.  rt @Slang3006 Just jammed out to some Satellite Party!!
A self fulfulling prophecy rt @GrungeJunkie385 I saw @janesaddiction @ "The Brick" in Minneapolis. Venue sucked but JA ROCKED! VERY fun bday
I think they are ready and raring to go rt @mootherfucker Perry, what do you think of the Brazilian fans?
What spot? Rt @ravenlynch: @TaniasaurusRex 1 of my greatest memories besides seeing Janes  on every tour was catching Perry out surfing.
Both places turn me on.. rt @shaqdiamond: Chile? or Brazil? ur fav ? =D
Ole' Ole' Ole' Ole' Jauna's Juana's rt @fabriciovianna: photo: @perryfarrell at @lollapaloozabr http://t.co/5TiRlzKv
We think of our Izzy as a reincarnated puppy rt  @defmarianna91: Look, I have an Izzy too! http://trt .co/5UzwKfGX :D"
What I'm here for rt @TaniasaurusRex: my greatest memories with friends involve Janes Addiction. You've been there since the beginning!
Many good ones but "To Match The Sun, Price I Pay rt  @MycaellaCastro: what's your favorite song of album Strays?
Next year! XX Rt @somewhattwisted: Jane's Addiction is my favorite band! I love your voice Perry,you're so talented! Please back to Brazil
It was easy ryt @NateInLa1:  If I ever meet u I will give you a hug with no shame.LOl - Thanks for so much grt music and so much more.
True that! Rt @DjOsaze:I try to find some love from up high but there ain't enough to go around! ! @DaveNavarro
You have stories- with friends in them- and you think to yourself the world would not have been the same- if you had not met them. Friends!
There are great chefs who cook for a limited number. No matter how many greasy restaurants the others may have. His dishes are exquisite.
Will be heavy rt @EslamDaoud: Is anybody else enjoying new #JackWhite god damn I can't wait to see him play at #Lolla2012 thank you so much
They went fast rt . @celebstatusnora: are you guys releasing any more 3 day passes for lolla 2012? help a sister out!
Follow this link to win a pair of VIP tickets to my show nearest you http://t.co/9TKvpwtr Maestro @DobelTequila - Maestro Perry Farrell
Sounds refreshing Levi! rt @warper1up how are ya mate? I was with Steph at lolla this year. Get out to oz lets surf.. Follow@warper1up Levi
Spending too much time on twitter.  Your spouse is trying to tell you something.  W/ strangers, relationships are perfect before they start.
I hear he's back with a vengeance rt @iamflye: I always think of Jesus as long haired peace loving hippie that hung w/ pimps & hoes."
Forgiven sad to be missing out rt @GrungeJunkie385: I wrote angry tweets about Lolla. I was fucked up.M ad I can't go this yr. I apologize
Old photographs, and hand writing intrigue me. People having a good time with friends. Full of promise. Delicious life. http://t.co/ikQNbzqg
I accept bribes Rt @kelliklymenko: Made me want to photograph you and the Mrs as John Lennon. I'll have to try to bribe you. Come to Sedona
You two may want to chat  Rt @lunaman22:  The day before, my woman brought flowers home, now they're dead, I feel better.
I love Francis rt @erinmoone: I have my nothing's shocking concert ticket stub...from 1989...pixies posies and Janes.
Never saw it before. That was great Abbie! Rt @AbbieKearse: tripping down memory lane at approx time code 04:35 http://t.co/MeM6KdCj
I plan to record many new songs this year. Will it make you happy? Rt  @MycaellaCastro:,you intend to record an new album this year?
Takes a licking..rt  @IndianaShomes:  1989. I was 12 came across Nothing's Shocking in older sisters room. Cassette was soon "lost." #JA4L"
Fighting over borrowed cymbals rt @AbbieKearse: @willey41 saw band 88 @ New Music Seminar NYC fav live show showmanship PF making out w Dave
Yes, We all do (doctor)! rt List is@lunaman22: Does PF or anyone else know what the hell causes a month long cough? Cancer? Am I dying? Wtf!
Thinking hurts rt @ccstephens: Thanks 4 making lolla 2011 such a great memory for my family. Had a grt time, u really thought of everything.
Burning rubber (on weekends) rt @bradchais: @ettylaufarrell Rubber is better. look forward 2 janes #Tampa & #Orlando. All time favorite band
No, I am really rubber rt @bradchais: “@EttyLauFarrell: An adult "debate" PF & he resorted to "whatever. I am paper, you are glue... Really?
UR listening to a crazy person rt @willey41:  Saw Jane's in'88 in Orlando. Changed everything that I thought that I knew about music. Thx
You Promise? Rt @DimitriDee1: the shift in mind is soon here, and together we will regain what was lost so long ago
What do the 2012 fences look like? Rt @GrungeJunkie385: Familiar with the folks at "National Fence". Kidding, they fence the whole festival.
Try it with milk rt @Troy_StSinphony That new @janesaddiction album is amazing!
@iamflye http://t.co/2e44fUqM - Christ would surely approve (wait- didn't he walk on water)?
A shifting of the poles wipes earth's slate clean. I'd like to be by the beach- high ground may be safer. Today remember to say "I love you"
Well stunt to the sunset. CUZ rt @AdamONeil: (90) LOAK your thoughts with my new specter scepter! ting tingelhaz
Are you talking about me? Rt @iamflye: Hey Surfers made,the top of a list for a change. Peace http://t.co/2e44fUqM
That- god damn radio! Rt @ohisjaviashu: I'm not going to stop until you give an asnwer to #TheStrokesLollapaloozaCL2013 @thestrokescl"
Screwed my brains out rt @PeytonPitts: I can't thank you, and band enough for "Nothing's Shocking." Truly one of the best rock albums ever!
I can't tell you... rt @ronportnoir mink romney...posing with a rose, is it a mormon thing?
Dissolvable lip tats rt  @theBshake @lollapalooza  tix 4 Lolla 2012: scan-able temporary tatts that go on wrist/shoulder.Cool idea or lame?
Concerned about others rt @xSARAHSODAx she tripped and landed this way! Be glad shes okay ;)
We love that one! (true story) rt @wwjpmumx4 #np "Twisted Tales" by Jane's Addiction
I support Mink Romney (pictured here- highschool prom) 4 Pres. of USA If only he will be this transparent as president? http://t.co/C3Qw17is
I discovered that girls think about sex more than we know and they pretend to make love to statues more than we suspect http://t.co/rg39Cg5T
