Oh by the way, sorry for the miss spelling . Anything smaller than the keys on a piano I struggle with . I have big Joe Jackson fingers
I'm going to look into this . Stay tuned
Psychiatric hospitals oftentimes make you feel as though you're psychotic when you're not . Sometimes they make matters worse
There's something more to this there's something going on I don't like it I'm afraid for her
I just hate the fact that you will probably still be there on my brother's birthday. This is not good
She is not psychotic . There is no reason for her to be in a psychiatric hospital this long away from her family
She's been there much too long
I dont like that Paris is still in this facility. It's not right
I dont like it  I dont like it  I dont lime it
They are playing my deposition on video in court and I told AEG that I am ready to testify in person. I just want to be there for my brother
I don't like this because videos can be manipulated
Why are they afraid for me to testify???
I dont understand why AEG would lie to the judge and say I didn't want to testify in person
There is no reason to play my deposition on video. I am ready and willing to testify.
This is not a Southern problem, this is an American problem.
I understand the desire to be peaceful, but being passive is not a substitute for peace &amp; we will not have peace until we have righteousness
Trayvon Martin verdict. I'm heartbroken.
Thank you again for your endless love and support
I know he would love it. I wish I could be there with you but unfortunately I've been sick with strep throat.
Thinking about my brother on this day. Thank U everyone 4 your love and support and 4 the beautiful displaye of flowers at ForestLawn.
It's sad to see the estate's latest attempt to auction off our history,
Am I the only one who thinks this auction is a fraud and a scam?
your support and standing by me to the very end.
Thank you Atty Bret Lewis for helping reveal the truth in my case resulting in the appropriate outcome. Thank you friends &amp; loved 1s for
Happy Birthday big bro, miss you.
Reading all ur tweets &amp; messages... Thank you so much for your continued support.
And THIS IS WHY I AM SO AFRAID FOR MY MOTHER... http://t.co/wEww47pY
1) When TJ asked my mother if he should ask for temporary guardianship, my Mother told TJ NO – twice.  2) The (cont) http://t.co/MftQQdye
Please everyone pass this around. How can Michael Jackson be on both coasts at the same time? http://t.co/lQ6Yl7kl
Again.. WHY would it be necessary for TJ to take guardianship of the children away from my mother when they were already in his care?
THIS IS NOT OVER.
Enough already!! We've already lost one family member.
Trust me - the Executors are behind this. The "powers that be" use tabloid media to spin their lies and divide our family.
- what does taking over guardianship have to do with with my mother's well-being when the children were already in his care?
Furthermore, if she is being held against her will - as he inferred in court -
He insisted upon knowing what time she was arriving today &amp; now I know why.
His performance in court today breaks my heart. He knows his Aunts and Uncles would never hold their mother against her will. That's ABSURD.
I heard the conversation.
He asked for temporary guardianship &amp; she said -"NO its not necessary, I'll be home tomorrow."  He asked again, and she said "NO TJ"
My mom told TJ that she was coming home tomorrow (which is today).
I was on the phone at 9pm in Los Angeles, with my sister Rebbie, when my mother FIRED Trent and Security
Let me be very clear about the FACTS, the absolute TRUTH...
I only tweet when its serious
Watching PoliticsNation video: Private Jackson family dispute turns into public drama -   http://t.co/zAxt3QcY via @nbcnews
We ask that everyone respects that this is a serious matter that will be handled by the proper authorities.
Yes, the letter is authentic.
3 years ago on this June 25th, my brother passed. I will be at FL from 11am-1pm today to visit him.
We honor and celebrate the life of one of the world’s most gifted vocalist and talented entertainers, Whitney (cont) http://t.co/Tom6RZhi
My siblings & I were never informed the restitution bid against Murray was being dropped. We DO NOT support that action. NOT our decision.
I was just informed that Forest Lawn's gates close at 6pm, so i will be there between 4:30 & 5pm. Thank u for your love and support.
I will be at Forest Lawn today at 6. HAPPY B DAY big brother
We often forget that these great artists are human & overlook that they need grace & love in their lives, they r not perfect & they hurt too
Also… much too soon. My prayers are with her family.
I thank Amy Winehouse 4 her great contribution to my industry. She was such a talent & I’m so saddened by her passing.
STATEMENT ISSUED BY JERMAINE & RANDY JACKSON   RE: THE MICHAEL JACKSON TRIBUTE CONCERT  July 25, 2011  Today's (cont) http://tl.gd/bv2nr3
Gotta get some dinner. See you again soon.  Love to everyone.  Ragu
Thank you so much for giving me your unique & insightful perspectives. Again, your help has been invaluable.
Please know there will come a time when a spotlight on the issues will b necessary & I'll count on u 2b supportive & help me carry the truth
So, my answer, at this time, will be 'no', to the media coverage.
& I agree things could get twisted, as they often do, when it comes to my family.
It seems like the majority of you are against the media coverage of our Q & A's...
Wow... what a great response! I've been reading your comments last night and today. Thanks for taking the time.
Good Evening everyone! I'm here... thank you for your patience.
Reading your comments, I'll be on in about an hour....
I'll read your comments tonight and I'll be back in touch with you tomorrow. Thank you so much for your help. Love to you all.
I consider us all on the same team and your perspective is invaluable to me.
But, thinking about it, it could bring attention to some important matters. What do you think? I really want to hear your comments.
...and I never will.
First of all, money has nothing to do with this. I've never sold a story or a photo for money, and believe me, I've been approached.
My first thought was "no".
i've been approached by an international news source that wants to film & do a story on my next Q&A.
Your comments are important to me & I read all of them. That's why I'm asking for your feedback.
Hey everybody out there! I need your help with something...
Thank u again for being here. I know many questions didn't get answered... But there will be other times. Thank u. Love & peace. Stay strong
I wish I could tell u more, but just like u r reading this. They r too.
Just because I'm quiet, don't think things r not being done. It is just not my style to go on a media frenzy.
The entire family has always been together in the fight for justice & will continue to do so.
Thank u so much for being here. Oh, one last thing...
Although he's not here, he is a part of us and will be with us on every song.
As a group, we have never performed without Michael, so that will be hard for everyone. But I know he would want us to continue.
It's been 2 yrs since his passing, we're getting back to music now... Becuz that is our gift from God.
Last question....
I can't say too much... But please know, it's not over.
It was all so overwhelming, we're all still in shock.
The will was of great importance, but at that time, giving my brother a proper burial was more important.
They didn't allow us to have this time. The will was lost in the shuffle.
When u r in such grief, it's hard to process business. And things of this importance need special attention with a clear head.
While we were in shock & grief, they did a good job of attacking us from all angles with contracts, the movie, the will,countless legal docs
The will is terribly flawed.... Misspellings & discrepancies, etc. The only reason why this will passed through was because....
First & foremost... I know this is not the setup that my brother would have wanted.
There r so many things wrong with this will. Where do I start????
This is a good question.
This is being looked into now. We are very concerned about their involvement with our mother's business.
My entire family is concerned about Trent & Lowell Henry. There may be selfish ambition.
Good question. Let me be really clear about this....
I understand he's doing a little better after his stroke.... I wish him well.
Frank Dileo put the deal together without our knowledge. We had NO idea this was going on & that's why he was sued for it.
Yes.
AEG, Sony were very quick to the draw... Just days after his passing. As gruesome as it sounds. It seemed like vultures at a feeding frenzy.
I was particularly disheartened at the hastiness of the executors to close deals before I could give my brother a proper burial.
Everyone who stands to profit - and let me be clear, it is not his family, contrary to popular belief - is suspect in my eyes.
I believe that there is definitely a conspiracy & right now, I don't count anything or anyone out.
It was in the Eighties. And I don't hold a grudge against Tina, she's a great artist an asset to our industry.
I went to Tina's house to see my girlfriend. I guess I caught them off guard. Hmmm.... Next question.
Having said that, there was no violence on my part, nor have I ever owned or carried a weapon.
Yes, Tina Turner shot me. I have the scar to prove it.
This is something many of u probably don't know...
When negative things like this surface, it is hard not to have an emotional reaction. But the truth eventually comes out.
From what I understand, Aaron Carter has already denied ever making that statement & is considering suing ok magazine.
Daphne Barak has made a name off of fabricating stories about my family.
I was suspicious about the Aaron Carter comment once I heard who was interviewing him.
I'm going to retweet ur questions and then answer them.
Me and my family are so appreciative.
Before we start, I want to thank everyone again for all the love & support on the 2nd anniversary of my brother's passing.
Please give me 2 mins to set up. Bear with me. I'm not the fastest at typing.
Hello everyone. I'm here.
I know there's a lot to talk about. I'm ready if you are.
Hey everyone. Just to confirm, I will be here tomorrow 11am to 12 to answer all ur questions whatever they may be
Its been a while since I've tweeted, and there are some things I need help and support with. That's Sat july 2nd 11am Pac time
I will be answering all questions from fans and general public. So please b there. There are some things that I want to b known
Oh I forgot to mention this coming Sat at 11am I will be having a Q and A
I hate this new software. I meant janet. She's in Paris before going on stage. Good luck and have a great show
I just spoke to my sister janey
Thank you everyone for your love and support today. I will be at Forest Lawn in 10 mins.
yes, I meant Frank
Which means he is still alive
When I say condolences I mean I am offering support to his family and his recovery
Obviously there is something I need to clear up, I went to the hospital over the weekend to visit freak Dileo & spend time with his family.
My prayers are with them.
I went to visit Frank Dileo in the hospital. I've known him for many years and I just wanted to extend my condolences to his wife and kids.
in closing, please know that i am here for as long as it takes to get justice. Sometimes even I have to recharge, but I will never give up
I know its been a while since you have heard form me,  I am not the greatest typist,  please forgive me
I am blessed to have all of you stand behind and support my family through what will be remembered as the most testing time of our lives
Sorry to keep you waiting, We are actually going to trial!. In the midst of all this mayhem God has blessed me
i cant believe IT!!!!!!!
Michael would still be here had they informed his family of the situation.  More facts will come out.
Michael would still be here had they informed his family of the situation.  More facts will come out.
... at times driving my brother to tears.
In their obsession to get the show out, it appears Kenny & AEG didn’t care about my brother’s health & they didn’t inform the family
However, The Jackson Family as a WHOLE does NOT extend any sort of an apology to Kenny Ortega
My mother’s a very kind & sweet woman...
I need to clarify and address something that was miscommunicated yesterday
i will do my best to feel better for tomorrow.  Thanks for understanding
i'm sorry to say but i wont be at court today, not feeling well.  Make no mistake, i'm not wavering in my drive or fight for justice.
There is not one person in particular. I'm just asking everyone, mostly media. Sorry if I confused anyone
I beg you to PLEASE STOP who ever you are
i just wish that name would go away because he loved everyone, even those who found it hard to appreciate him he cared for.
I absolutely hate the name Jacko and so did my brother. I just wish people would refrain from calling him that.
It's so disrespectful.  People can be so rude
I HATE that name
Thank you all. Goodnight.
Most of all I want all of you to understand that he loved all of you so much. He had a great love for all man kind.
I will miss his laughter. I will miss his silly jokes. I even miss our arguments.
We are family. A famous family, but a family whose lost one of its members.
My brother was a perfectionists, and they are paying no regards to quality
It bothers me that they can't get the deals done fast enough.
I want his legacy to be respected as if he were here.
Since my brothers passing, over one billion dollars has been profited.
This story has not ended, things are still unfolding.
Let me say this in closing about everything
Questions about death conspiracy, whether or not to buy the album, many questions.
I can't tell you what to do, but I can tell you what I think my brother would want
one more question
They could care less about why and how he died, or maybe they already know
But what's worse then harsh is that my brother isn't here, and all these people are more concerned about making money off his death
I know this may seem harsh, but this is the truth, as I know it.
Some of the songs are him, and some aren't. I would be my life on that.
Like I said, Sony and the executors have 250 mil reasons to influence the public.
I dont know what they heard, surely not what I heard
And as to the vocal authenticators, they work for pay. And I wasn't there when they did their analysis
You must understand, Sony is a power house in this business
It didn't happen the way it was mentioned in the letter
I was informed by someone who attended that meeting at the studio
On a side note, the letter released by the Estate
If they don't even have enough product for one album how are they going to make 10 albums?
I'd like to hear what they played Sony, or did Sony even care?
McClain couldn't find enough product for one album
Why would Sony sign a 10 album deal over a period of seven years and
I found this to be very interesting
From  what I heard, he didn't care about the quality or how complete the vocals were.
Calling all over the place looking for music with my brothers voice on it
Okay, after this Sony deal was inked, McClain went to work putting together the first album
Im sorry its taking so long I get emotional
Maybe they were too busy getting deals done
Neither of the executors didn't show up to pay their respects
I invited McClain to the burial, Ironically, he didn't show up
Like AEG, they were cutting deals with the Estate before I could get my brother in the ground. May he rest in peace.
In fact, when I heard about the Sony deal, it made me sick
Sony has 250 mil reasons to convince the public that it is his voice, if you know what I mean.
But I think they all know all now it is not him
Now McClain points the finger at Sony, when he got the tracks before it even went to Sony
I heard the music and I immediately said it wasn't his voice
At which he called me to come down and hear my brothers music, may he rest in peace.
Teddy Riley was brought in just to mix and insisted on switching studios
My first thought was, what are they trying to hide
John McClain insisted that no family members were allowed at his studio where the project was being completed
I became suspicious about the album, when I heard when armed guards were involved since my brothers passing, May he rest in peace.
We don't see eye to eye
The family and the executers of the Estate, Branca and Mclain are not on the same page
let me go back and say something that you, the public, may not be aware of
Me and my nephew were the first to say that it wasn't his voice on some of the tracks
A: I have to give you history behind the project in order to answer this question correctly
Q: How do you feel about the new Album?
Like I said, No coincidence
Don't be surprised if the Oprah show with my parents air's again during the AEG trial
I guess, in Oprah's mind my brother is still on trial, even though he's not here, may he rest in peace.
Like I said before, no coincidence
Q: How do you feel about the Oprah interview? A: I didn't watch the interview, im sure everyone saw the show she had prior to my parents.
I want the truth to be known.
I want to spend some time on as many questions as possible, Feel free to ask whatever you like, there is nothing too personal.
Hello everyone, let me say for the record my computer has not been hacked, this is me.
See you there Wednesday 7:00pm Pac time
There have been a lot of rumors and stories so I will be here Wednesday to set the record straight and give insight on whats really going on
This Wednesday at 7:00pm Pacific time I will be at my computer ready to answer any questions you may have.
As well as questions all of you may have, including the Oprah show.
obviously there has been a lot of questions concerning the vocals on the new album that I want to address.
Hi Miranda,  Is today a purple day?
i will continue to do my best with my family.  all i need is your love and support.  i will never give up
Let our anger be the fuel that ignites our desire for truth, and keeps us unified on the road to justice for him.
i'm sorry for the delay.  just trying to hold myself together
can you imagine how i feel. i'm angry 2
i know there are a lot of you out there upset and angry over this. i don't blame you
that was no coincidence
i can never forget when she had the show on pedophilia during the jury deliberation process in my brother's santa maria case.
in fact, she is the last person on earth he would want around his children
I know how Oprah feels about my brother and family. i also know that he would not have wanted this.
i had no prior knowledge this was going to happen. it was deliberately kept from me because they knew i would have tried to stop it
i found out Oprah was at our family home, my stomach ached and it still hasn't gone away
but i don't always agree with the choices they make. this is 1 of those times
1rst let me say that i love my mother and father. i am humbly grateful to have them as my parents
i know every 1 wants to know my position on the Oprah interview
This could not have been done without the support of the fans.  Were all together in this.Thank you for your continued support and patience.
Please understand its not over, we have a long way to go. There is more to come. We are just getting started.
What happened to my loving brother should NOT have happened. I really miss him.
I am doing my best to keep that promise. On this day my family has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against AEG. I am proud of my family.
Last year I promised that I would not rest until the truth is exposed about what happened to my brothers passing. May he rest in peace.
I know im quiet, I dont tweet much.
Today was a good day.
Some people just never learn.
and Dr. Panosian for doing a great Job. Check out the photo... http://tweetphoto.com/42565420 God is good.
A great day 4 my friend Treasure Dearsaw. Her surgery was a success. I want to thank LA Childrens hospital...
You will understand what that means shortly.
I know its been a long time since I've tweeted. But that does not mean that things are not happening...
As heavy as my heart was I had tears of joy when I saw everyone there celebrating the birth of my brother.
I forgot to thank everyone for coming out on the 29th of August.
I will be at Forest Lawn today between 3:00 and 3:30pm.
Thank you again Big Brother.
I was there to raise awareness and money for foster children and children at risk. Jermaine sang beautifully at the annual Gala.
I want to thank my brother Jermaine for supporting me and my friend Daphna Ziman in Washington DC this past weekend.
I've known about this for a few days. I can't take it anymore it's tearing me apart.
I know everyone wants to know who it is. Im still trying to deal with it in my heart...
Someone I considered very close and dear to me sold video of my brother behind my back for profit.
Once again I am so so so disappointed and saddened.
Currently I'm in DC Supporting chidren uniting nations and their effort to improve the lives of children at risk.
Hey everybody I know its been awhile.
When I was younger, my family said I was all over the place, just like "Ragu" Spaghetti Sauce. Now u know the big secret...!
Ok, I'll tell you...
Well... Some of your guesses have been close, but nobody has it right yet...
Ok. I'm awake... Can anyone guess why @jackiejackson5 & my family calls me "Ragu"? (Maybe this correct spelling will help u figure it out.)
I can’t do this alone. Thank u so much for ur support, especially yesterday.  It was wonderful 2 see so many friends & fans at Forest Lawn
I don’t mean 2 be negative all the time but pls understand my bro shouldnt be dead & I get protective when people try 2 exploit us, esp now
I am sick of people trying to exploit & take advantage of my parents and then letting our family take the blame.
How can you raise money for a foundation that has not been legally formed? It is disrespectful to this family & an insult the public & fans
I am doing my best to get my parents to understand who the people are around them
I know my parents would not be involved if they really knew the characters they have aligned themselves with…
As far as I am concerned, tonight’s event is a fraud.
Let me be clear, there's no legitimate ‘Jackson Family Foundation’ that my brothers & sisters are aware of.
I tried
Sorry Big Bro, for not getting ur children there on the anniversary of ur last day
I am not in support of the Gary event/trip or whatever it is... Im tired but I promise to continue this discussion first thing in the morn.
Surprising as it may seem, this is the case.... Im putting myself in the hot seat. I have nothing to lose....
Right now, my struggle is trying to get my family together on the 25th of June at Forest Lawn!!!!!
theres something specific that i do want to comment on....
I see what you see and I dont agree with many of their choices but they are my family and i do love them.
This is a very difficult time for me and my family. I read your tweets and we share the same frustration.
please understand im going to be direct and to the point because there is such little time but your support speeds up the process
Lets start with my family. There is a common concern about their lack of support and unity especially now that we're approaching June 25th
Thank you all, but there is so much to address in such little time. Where should I start?
Hello everyone, I'm back and healthy. Thank you for your loving comments and prayers
I also want to thank all of u for supporting me in an effort that has resulted in the cancellation of the tribute in Italy on the 25th.
I want to thank Tony Harris and the CNN News Team for their kindness and having me on.
This frustrates me. I know my brother wouldn't want this
I will do my best with Julien Auction House but I can only do so much. Ultimately my mom has the power to stop this,not me
How insensitive of them to use the anniversary of his death to bring attention to an auction of items he didnt want to part with.
My bro stopped this auction before....
I was in the process of expressing how distasteful it is for Julien Auction House 2 hold an auction on the day my brother passed.
Sorry for leaving you hanging my twitter was hacked.
Thank you everyone. I do read ur tweets. Don't forget, ur support gives me power. Let's do this again soon.
I know my brother is at peace although I miss him so much. Now that he is gone, my job is to uphold his wishes & make sure justice is served
How do I cope? I have a strong Christian faith & find power in prayer… although this month is hard.
ok... one more...
My siblings & I knew nothing about this foundation or museum in Gary, nor r we a part of it.  I do have concerns & I will be addressing it.
I love my mom & dad, they r both in their 80's. My concern is mostly about the people around them and how they take advantage of them.
Last question...
I didn't abandon my brother in 2005, and I sure as H*** won't do it now!
These things take time. Please don’t be discouraged because you see nothing happening.
Re: Mesereau. Tom’s been a friend for 20 yrs. I hired him 4 the 05 trial. We discuss all of the discrepancies about my brother’s passing.
The will: Me knowing my brother, Yes I believe its fake.  I’d love 2 talk more in depth, but can’t. Am I doing something about it? of course
Hang on... I'm reading....
i know fans have rallied together against this tribute & thank you for your help. I also have not given up on trying to stop this tribute.
Yes, they r still trying 2 do the tribute in Rome.  But I stand firm in my position about the fraud & deception from the organizers.
I can't promise but there's a possibility that fans will b able 2 go inside. I have 2 discuss this w/my family as well, I'm fighting for u
We met with Forest Lawn - its true they agreed to let the fans go up 2 Holly Terrace on the 25th & I'm working on something even better...
I'm here! Thanks for meeting me. I'm reading your tweets now.... ask anything you like and I'll do my best to answer.
Thx 4 all ur kind words! I am going to do a Q&A tomorrow. Meet u here @ 3:00pm PT
Thanks again. Love, Randy
I'll will inform you all soon.
Although they have strict rules, I'll do my best 2 see if fans can visit & pay their respects beyond the gates of ForestLawn, on the 25th.
One more thing…. I’m meeting with Forest Lawn and the City of Glendale.
Thank you for your wonderful questions & uplifting messages.  Until next time…. Love 2 u all
At times, I’m sad & broken. But ur support helps 2 encourage me & fuel my motivation 2 continue this fight 4 truth & justice.
So many of you want to know how you can help…  Ur support is so important, more powerful that u may know.
I am going to find one more question that many of you want an answer for.... and then we will do this again some time.
I’ll say it again, my brother doesn’t have a voice anymore, so we have to fight and speak for him & make sure justice is served.
Keep in mind, the evildoers are reading my tweets too… But, I will not stop until justice is served.  It goes way beyond Murray.
Let me be clear, there is an investigation pending…. I keep my cards close to my chest.
I fired him because he continuously violates the attorney-client privilege.  I am considering taking this to the legal board.
I instructed Oxman not to make media appearances & discuss my brother or my family.
My Father is understandably passionate about the loss of his son. Oxman & others around my father, take advantage to promote themselves.
There r things some of us don’t agree upon.  I’ll do my best to reveal the truth 2 them. But ultimately the choice is theirs.
My love & support for my family is unwavering....BUT...
I know that my brother would never want to be a part of an event that was built on deception... of his fans, especially
I won’t tell you whether you should support this tribute or not. But I will tell u, that I personally, do not support it
I've never met tribute organizer Ms. Zolla. In Vanity Fair Italia, she says my brother is alive & speaking 2 her. I'm mortified.
I am reading ur tweets & I’ll try to answer as many as I can. Please tweet your questions & concerns.
There’s a lot of conversation out there about my recent comments.  I’m here to give u some answers.
My intentions r not 2 make any1 look bad unfairly, just want the truth 2b told. We all, including his wonderful fans, deserve that
And to try to think as he would, in matters concerning him...
Almost been a year now since I lost my big brother… The best I can do now is to protect his legacy & reputation
Oxman was fired in the Santa Maria Trial for using crucial evidence to promote himself.  He's doing it again without authorization.
I am outraged at the insensitivity and self-promotion of the tribute organizers
And lastly, My family has plans to be at Forest Lawn on the 25th of June...
Third, I fired Brian Oxman, but he is still under attorney-client restriction with me and cannot speak publicly.
Second, the coordinator is telling fans that my brother is alive & will be there in disguise.... That deeply disturbs me.
I have 4 concerns... First, where are the proceeds from ticket sales going...??
I have some serious concerns about this tribute to my brother on the 25th of June in Rome...
Saddened by the unexpected loss of my friend & lawyer Peter Lopez, who has represented my family ovr 20 yrs. Condolences 2 his wife & family
The court informed us there's nothing they could do.
Inside the courtroom... The press is getting preferential treatment and seating over us. They seem to have forgotten that we are a family.
Oops – Did I say ‘her’… ?
A private issue, handled internally. The 1 in the house that calld TMZ&DCFS is on a mission 2 exploit us & separate the kids 4 her evil gain
Quick note, TMZ caught me off guard as I was leaving a meeting. I never called them & I'm not their inside source. That will b revealed soon
Was handled correctly, no harm done. Allegations 90% false, fabricated by evildoers covertly trying 2 separate my family from the inside out
As I said, I must unite my family, evident by this most recent issue @ my family home.
All the kids r safe. My nephew is a GREAT kid. Sad that the media has to pick on a 13 year old for their own gain.
Through the power of our global unity - justice will reveal itself.  My efforts now are to unite my family. Please support & pray for us.
My brother doesn’t have a voice anymore…. We must fight & speak for him.
Ok Can’t say 2much. WHY WHY WHY r LAPD & DA ignoring evidence that goes beyond Dr. Murray? Wondering who they r protecting. Hmmm. Talk to me
I have a heavy heart...
Sitting in court & I'm sad. Those profiting most from my bro’s death: AEG, Randy Phillips, Kenny Ortega, Estate Executors r nowhere in sight
4 all that r asking about the protest 2morrow, check here http://bit.ly/aHkzfC Heartfelt thanx 4 ur support
I c ur comments- Thank u 4 the prayers & kind words. Also, Thank u 2 all of u that will be there 2morrow. My brother would b so appreciative
I will attend tomorrow's proceedings but make no mistake, I will not rest until ALL parties involved are brought to justice.
Let me be clear, when I said "My family" I meant my brothers, sisters & parents.
do u want more truth?
So proud, my brother being honored 2nite w/the Lifetime Achievement Award. My family would love to be there but truth is, we weren't invited
I have fond memories of the experiences & time spent with Teddy Pendergrass. Beyond his talent, a special man will be greatly missed.
Not only am i a private person but it was too soon for me after losing my brother to be on a reality show. i hope you all understand.
For those of you who are wondering, this will be a "verified account" soon. Its in process...
2 things 2 make clear. I've never had a job in a garage changing tires. And yes, I chose not to be on the reality show.
Underneath all the excitement & pandemonium, a murder hasn’t been solved. This family will not forget that, because I won’t let them.
Thank you to everyone for all of the wonderful birthday greetings! What a pleasant surprise. I am humbly grateful... thank you
Please understand, I don't want to discourage anyone from seeing the film... it is just hard for me to see it.
I can't support a film my brother wouldn't approve of, so I didn't attend the screening. Also, because I know how it ends...
I joined twitter to have direct communication & get the truth out.  I want to thank everyone for their love & support over the past 4 months
