This double standard won’t cut it.  For two years, I sounded the alarm about DOJ’s deviation from just that principle as it turned over hundreds of thousands of pages in closed or ongoing investigations. I warned that DOJ would need to live by this precedent.  And it will. https://t.co/tN20sxgE67
When Mueller’s investigation is complete, the report must be made public.   If Attorney General Barr tries to hide it, we’ll subpoena the report, insist on the underlying evidence, have Mueller testify, and take it to court, if needed.  The American people deserve the facts. https://t.co/vZAb5zsgUU
With the number of scandals in the Trump Administration, it can be hard to keep up with events in the swamp.  But a federal judge has ruled that Secretary Acosta broke the law to give a sweetheart deal to a billionaire pedophile.  Absolutely jaw dropping that he hasn’t resigned. https://t.co/MnI52xMrOj
Here’s our simple message to Attorney General Barr:  When Special Counsel Robert Mueller completes the investigation, make his report public. And turn the evidence over to Congress. Without delay and to the maximum extent permitted by law.  Our letter: https://t.co/f00LVn88N1
An open letter to my GOP colleagues:  You‘ve bemoaned Trump’s lack of decency, character and integrity. But you have chosen to keep your misgivings, your rising alarm, private.   That must end. The time for silent disagreement is over. You must speak out.  https://t.co/oGb3SsjjrR
Congress rejected funding for a border wall, and agreed on a consensus bill on border security. If we allow Trump to bypass Congress, it will eviscerate a vital check on any unethical president.  Proud to cosponsor the resolution to nullify this unconstitutional declaration. https://t.co/WK2t46YD5m
Trump has ignored the Intelligence Community:   On threat posed by Russia,  On North Korea’s nuclear plans,  On murder of Khashoggi,  And now the danger posed by climate change.  Trump cannot be warned of threats to national security,  He is a threat to national security. https://t.co/aUjeNwoKYj
Last week, I wrote to Facebook and Google to express my concern that their sites are steering users to bad information that discourages vaccinations, undermining public health.   The search results you get for “vaccines” on Facebook are a dramatic illustration. https://t.co/ZrEQfVTaRo
Dan Coats has been doing an outstanding job as Director of National Intelligence. He speaks truth to power and gives policy makers the best intelligence possible. He is loyal to the country and constitution, and that is as it should be. https://t.co/U7xQZkIApS
Dangling pardons. Attempting to get a prosecutor to unrecuse. Threatening a cooperating witness. False public statements. Encouraging congressional allies to investigate the investigators to protect him.  All of it a pattern of obstruction. All of it dangerous to the rule of law. https://t.co/c0YOJTMatz
Proud to join a delegation to NATO and the European Union led by @SpeakerPelosi — one of the largest in Congressional history — to reaffirm our support for the transatlantic alliance.  Congress must carry the torch of democracy and human rights while both are at increasing risk. https://t.co/GB75UVedW8
The Constitution grants Congress the power of the purse, and the President is now attempting to take that power to himself.  If the GOP fails to stand up to Trump's unconstitutional act, we will have moved dangerously from a separation of powers, to a mere separation of parties. https://t.co/jP7E2INFvs
The Court: The President said he didn’t need to declare an emergency, did he not?  Counsel: Correct.  The Court: And that he just did so because he wanted it done faster?  Counsel: Yes, your honor.  The Court: How on earth is that an emergency?  Counsel: Hasn’t your time expired?
Weapons of war don't belong in our neighborhoods or on our streets.  Congress let the Assault Weapons Ban expire 15 years ago, but today, we are introducing legislation to ban the sale, production, or possession of assault weapons.  Let’s see who’s willing to stand up to the NRA.
Trump is declaring a national emergency to bypass Congress, to build a wall we don’t need, to address a crisis that doesn’t exist, by claiming an authority he doesn’t have.   If that sounds like nonsense, it’s because it is. It’s also plainly unconstitutional.
In the wake of unspeakable horror, the young people of Parkland rose up to demand action on gun violence and mobilized a generation of activists.   Thank you for your courage and call to action. The Democratic House has heard your call. But will the Senate? https://t.co/Im53RAaI4m
Here’s what stands out to me from today’s ruling:  Manafort lied about his contacts with an individual affiliated with Russian intelligence. And he lied intentionally.  If Manafort had told the truth, it would have been so damaging to Trump as to negate his chances of a pardon. https://t.co/hALAvBH7vE
The House just passed a resolution by @RoKhanna to withdraw U.S. support for the war in Yemen. Thousands of Yemenis have died, and millions more are at risk of starvation. There is no military solution to this humanitarian catastrophe. I hope today's vote is a step towards peace. https://t.co/GI97jX9Bt9
Trump as businessman: Stiff contractors.   Trump as president: Stiff contractors.   Who could have seen this coming? https://t.co/5TQdreqF96
It happened again. Trump insulted the press, egging on the frenzied crowd, and someone took it as license to assault a cameraman.   Journalists take risks to cover the news every day. They shouldn't have to risk their safety to cover the President of the United States of America. https://t.co/QHcyYofYkq
We will soon find out if the President will accept the bipartisan compromise or wants to further damage our economy and hurt working families.   The deal offers the President less than prior to the shutdown. That should discourage any use of this abusive tactic in the future. https://t.co/SC0n0L0YQN
Step One: Hype an invented threat of an invasion of terrorists, murderers, and rapists.  Step Two: Send troops to border to address the imaginary threat.  Step Three: Justify the WALL as necessary to protect troops sent to meet the nonexistent threat.  Step Four: Executive Time!
Walter Jones had the strength of his convictions and was passionately committed to ending America’s excessive reliance on its military. Was proud to work with him to repeal outdated war authorizations and limit the executive’s war powers.  Congress won’t be the same without him. https://t.co/MsVebXRib4
Our investigation will make sure that the President is working in the national interest, not acting because of any pecuniary interest or fear of any compromise. That he’s looking out for the American people, and not his bank account.  That’s what our investigation is about. https://t.co/OShSrD1eYz
Lots of focus, and rightly so, on what Matt Whitaker said and refused to say about his conversations with the President, but his role in the family separation debacle deserves far more attention.   @RepJayapal is right — this policy is a stain on our nation. https://t.co/N2Lv5PsMg2
All countries do psychological profiles of other foreign leaders to determine how they can be manipulated.  North Korea may have determined that if they flatter Trump, they can achieve normalization of relations and easing of sanctions without denuclearization.  That’s dangerous. https://t.co/gtZWuDWmga
John Dingell was a giant of the House. A commanding presence, wonderful colleague and rapier wit — who would tell you if you did not merit 140 characters.  Few people in history have left a more profound impact on the House of Representatives. We will miss you, Mr. Chairman. https://t.co/GBKIH1wiSj
The threat of climate change is urgent and existential. But it’s not too late to save our planet.  We need to marshal all our resources and American ingenuity against the devastating effects of climate change.  That’s why I’m proud to support the #GreenNewDeal.
Democrats in the House will not be deterred by the @NRA.  That’s why the Judiciary Committee held a hearing today on #HR8, a bill mandating background checks on firearm purchases. Keeping guns from criminals or domestic abusers is common sense.  We've waited long #Enough.
I can understand why the idea of meaningful oversight terrifies the President. Several of his close associates are going to jail, others await trial, and criminal investigations continue.   We’re going to do our job and won’t be distracted or intimidated by threats or attacks.
BREAKING: The House Intelligence Committee just voted to release all witness transcripts from our Russia investigation to the Department of Justice and Special Counsel Mueller.
Last night, Trump suggested that congressional oversight of his administration will hurt our economy.  That’s false. But corruption will. Rooting out malfeasance is vital to our democracy and prosperity.   Know what else hurts the economy?   Ridiculous government shutdowns.
Fear. Division. Falsehood.  Not hope. Not unity. Not truth.  That’s what Donald Trump offered the nation tonight during the State of the Union.  America isn’t buying what he’s selling. #SOTU
Apparently Trump's Inauguration had nothing to do with Trump.  Nor did his campaign chairman. Nor his lawyer. Nor his national security adviser. Nor his foreign policy adviser.  And given the amount of Executive Time, the presidency doesn't have much to do with him either. https://t.co/jTUaHP2s7c
Cabinet officials are confirmed with the advice and consent of the Senate because they are constitutional figures who must be devoted to the country and institutions they serve.   They are not Trump's personal staff, beholden to no one but him, or to be discarded like a valet. https://t.co/tQtEIUHuXm
Trump did nothing for two years.  And illegal border crossings are way down. Congress considered and rejected a wall. Intel chiefs didn’t even mention the southern border.  That’s as poor a legal case for a national emergency as you can make. Trump will need those 17 new lawyers.
The President of the United States just suggested that lying under oath, obstructing justice and witness tampering are only “process crimes.”  That process has a name. It’s called the justice system. And we’re going to fight to protect the rule of law, even if Trump won’t. https://t.co/oPhPTcoAZX
I bet @RepJoeKennedy a seafood lunch that the Dodgers would beat the Red Sox in the World Series.   It...didn’t work out.  Now it’s time for payback.  Once the Rams beat old man Brady in the Super Bowl, that lobstah is mine. https://t.co/Tiv3uVJOND
In a country that prizes the very ideals of equality, liberty, and opportunity, it is inexcusable that women continue to be paid less than men. Today House Democrats will reintroduce the Paycheck Fairness Act because we demand equal pay for equal work. https://t.co/i3FBYCLWgr
Joshua Tree, California’s fragile desert, was left open during the shutdown despite reduced staffing. The result?    Vandalism, campfires, illegal off-roading. Protected trees cut down for fire wood.    This damage could last for hundreds of years. https://t.co/ysMmFH05md
It is a credit to our intelligence agencies that they continue to provide rigorous and realistic analyses of the threats we face.   It’s deeply dangerous that the White House isn’t listening. https://t.co/rCKywL0ETK
The brave have many admirers,  And the kind, a life filled with family and friends,  The wise understand the frailty of human nature and the breadth of the company they keep,  Only the bully must live alone, with his cowardice.
An Acting Attorney General who refuses to follow the advice of ethics lawyers and recuse himself from an investigation in which he has shown a clear bias is the last person who should speak for the Special Counsel.  While the probe is ongoing, Mueller can speak for himself. https://t.co/7sy10bNcAF
Negotiations with the Taliban are a necessary prerequisite to end America’s longest war. But to avoid troop withdrawal followed by government collapse, an agreement must include a mechanism to ensure the truce survives and Afghanistan is never again a base for attacks against us. https://t.co/Hn5SpDxiqP
Holocaust Remembrance Day is an opportunity to honor the lives of the millions of Jews and other victims who were murdered, to remember our moral obligation to speak out against hatred in all of its forms and to act when we witness injustice. Never again.
As the indictments add up, we have to ask these questions:  Why all of the efforts during the campaign to get Russian help with stolen emails and dirt on Hillary Clinton?  Manafort, Gates, Papadopolous, and Stone...  If there were innocent explanations for this, why all the lies?
Donald Trump wanted Russian help to build a lucrative Trump Tower in Moscow.   His campaign wanted Russian help in the form of stolen emails and dirt on Hilary Clinton.   And the Russians wanted Trump’s help in removing sanctions.  The convergence of interests is hard to ignore. https://t.co/EfL48B3HNB
Looking for one good reason why Trump and his campaign’s contacts with Russians are a counterintelligence nightmare?   How about one hundred? https://t.co/bUG2zpuCbk
The U.S. government is finally open again.  RT if you think Congress should pass legislation to prevent future shutdowns.
After inflicting enormous suffering on federal employees and those who depend on government services, the President is finally reopening the government with the same deal that was on the table in December.  We need to take action to end “shutdowns” as a tactic, once and for all.
Most significant in the Stone indictment is new info that a senior campaign official was “directed” in July 2016 to contact Mr. Stone about additional Wikileaks releases.  This was at same time candidate Trump was publicly calling for Russia’s help in obtaining Clinton’s emails. https://t.co/wtDDmHwyWt
Typically a president starts the State of the Union address by saying, “The state of our union is strong.”   Does Trump really want to start his off by saying, “The state of our union is...closed.”   Reopen the government, Mr. President. Citizens first. Ceremony later.
The shutdown’s impact on federal workers is bad enough, but the FBI is also losing counter-terrorism sources and is unable to fund key efforts to target terror suspects, drug traffickers and sexual predators.  Time to reopen the government and stop putting our security at risk. https://t.co/s4oEdLja48
Discrimination is never patriotic. Allowing all who love our country to serve, is. Deeply disturbed the Supreme Court will allow Trump’s ban on transgender troops to take effect.  As the legal battle continues, we’ll redouble our efforts to reverse this backward decision. https://t.co/SbYD8Lngdv
As a businessman, Donald Trump repeatedly failed to pay contractors and stiffed others on the bill.  As president, he’s forcing federal employees to work without pay and is doing nothing to reopen the government.  Is anyone surprised?
While Trump was pursuing deal worth hundreds of millions in Russia...  He was advocating eliminating sanctions worth billions to Putin.  He was asking Russia to hack Clinton’s emails.  His son was meeting Russian officials to get dirt on Clinton.  And Rudy says it’s no big deal?
Congrats to the @RamsNFL on an amazing Super Bowl run! Since they’re playing the Patriots, they are officially America’s team.  Let’s win one more!   cc @RepJoeKennedy
As we celebrate the great life of Martin Luther King, Jr., we challenge ourselves to live up to Dr. King’s example and continue to fight for the principles he held most dear – tolerance, justice, and truth. We must never turn a blind eye to injustice anywhere. https://t.co/1fejzuBTCn
Because of Trump, the families of federal workers are in crisis.  His offer – to pause the damage he’s doing to Dreamers and refugees – wasn’t meant to be serious, only to prop up his sagging poll numbers.   A real president would end the shutdown and stop this foolishness. https://t.co/0xCn3dmUOU
The allegation that the President of the United States may have suborned perjury before our committee in an effort to curtail the investigation and cover up his business dealings with Russia is among the most serious to date. We will do what’s necessary to find out if it’s true. https://t.co/GljBAFqOjh
The House JUST voted 362-53 to disapprove of lifting sanctions on companies tied to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska.  The sanctions were imposed last year in response to Russian malign action at home and in Ukraine. Nothing since justifies their removal.
The collusion evolution, by Rudy Giuliani:  - There was no collusion.  - Even if there was collusion, it‘s not a crime.  - Truth isn’t truth.  - It happened a long time ago.  - I never said there was no collusion.  - I said no collusion...with the President of the United States.
Devastated to learn of the loss of life, including U.S. servicemembers, from an ISIS attack in Northern Syria. This is a reminder of the risks our troops face every day, as well as the continuing threat from ISIS. https://t.co/dT82dtEn5p
If Trump doesn’t understand that NATO is the most successful security alliance in history, I don’t know what it'll take to convince him.  But Congress won't allow Trump to jeopardize our national security and abandon our allies through unilateral withdrawal from NATO. Not ever. https://t.co/iUhv8TLWPP
I used to joke that the best evidence the President is not an asset of the Russians is that his policies have been so pro-Russian that even the Russians would tell him, "slow down, you're being too obvious.”  But the damage done to our security is no joke, and demands an answer. https://t.co/LJWyqbBbad
Welcome to the great new Democratic Members of the House Intelligence Committee: @RepValDemings, @CongressmanRaja, @PeterWelch, and @RepSeanMaloney.  I’m looking forward to working with you over the next two years.
Call me old fashioned, but America deserves an Attorney General committed to following the advice of ethics lawyers.  Call me naive, but there are attorneys qualified to serve as AG who have not expressed hostility to the Mueller probe.  Call me what you will, but demand better.
We need to improve our schools, with smaller classes and better resources. To every teacher on strike today, I am with you.  I support United Teachers Los Angeles in their efforts to reach a comprehensive agreement for the benefit of families, teachers, and above all, our kids. https://t.co/rrT47A8B8t
Whatever Barr’s other qualifications, there is no doubt that authoring this memo is why he was nominated. Barr knows it. Trump knows it. The Senate can’t ignore it.  Promising to recuse is the only way to preserve confidence in DOJ and protect Mueller.  https://t.co/CA2allaAWq
AI is making it disturbingly easy to create convincing fake videos, with implications for disinformation, but also harassment. Stories from women who have been targeted with degrading “deep fakes” show just some of the ways this technology can be abused: https://t.co/hu75jh2CHO
Under Barr’s reading of the law, an obstruction case Mueller may be pursuing is “asinine.” He says results of Mueller’s report should be made public but nothing about its contents. And he has a view of presidential power that renders all of his promises moot.  Senate must vote no https://t.co/KegGd3cFSe
GOP controlled the House and Senate for two years under Trump. If the wall was such an emergency, they could have used reconciliation to pass it with 50 votes in Senate. Why didn’t they?  I guess throwing millions off health care &amp; cutting corporate taxes were higher priorities.
Secretary Pompeo disputed his own State Department’s conclusion there is “no credible evidence” showing terrorists trying to enter through Southern border.  I’ve requested unredacted and complete copies of the intelligence assessments. Let’s see who’s telling it straight. https://t.co/dEWlokx1Eu
Last year, we sought to obtain the interpreter’s notes or testimony, from the private meeting between Trump and Putin. The Republicans on our committee voted us down. Will they join us now? Shouldn’t we find out whether our president is really putting “America first?” https://t.co/hzgfTRl653
Counterintelligence concerns about those associated with the Trump campaign, including the President himself, have been at the heart of our investigation since the start.  The American people need to know the President is working in our national interest, and for no other end. https://t.co/rzBjQheXP0
Trump’s shutdown is now the longest in U.S. history. Last week, I asked that my salary go unpaid until this ends and federal workers get their checks.  Hundreds of thousands of Americans are suffering. Some can’t pay their mortgage, others can’t buy groceries. This must stop. https://t.co/5Sg0r6rAWc
Who could forget?   At rallies you would yell, “Who’s going to pay for the wall!”  And the crowd would answer, “MEXICO! ... through a renamed trade agreement that makes minor changes to trade policies that Congress will have to approve!”  Get serious. https://t.co/idDNsRI9f9
Troop withdrawal from Syria has already begun, over the objection of our military and despite John Bolton’s statements last week.   The Trump Administration's foreign policy is as deeply flawed in its conception as it is dangerously incompetent in its execution. https://t.co/x0zGk6MEJw
One hundred days since the murder of #JamalKhashoggi, I will join his friends, colleagues, press freedom advocates, and Members of Congress to honor him and stand with journalists who risk their lives to provide information and promote freedom of thought worldwide.
The Trump Admin is using the courts to gut Affordable Care Act protections, including those for 133 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.  Democrats just authorized the House to defend the ACA against a suit trying to undermine the law. We will protect Americans’ care. https://t.co/JOllGXfgpS
The federal government owns more than half of the forest land in California. Punishing our residents for how they’re managed is not only wrongheaded and cruel, it’s also absurd.  We will not abandon California families in their time of need. https://t.co/7S9nAVJz2n
Throughout history, presidents have used an Oval Office address to bring the country together. Tonight, Trump used it to stoke fear and division.  We need to reopen the government, not charge taxpayers to build a concrete and steel monument to the President’s broken promises.
For years, a GOP-led Congress refused to stand up to the NRA and pass universal background checks.  With a new Majority, this bill will now pass the House. If the Senate will not support change, then we must change the Senate. #NeverAgain https://t.co/AfTRgwkMa4
I’ve been on the Intelligence Committee for over 10 years. On terrorism and other threats, I’ve received more briefings from FBI, CIA, and DHS than I could count.  How many times have any of them said we need a wall across the southern border?  Zero.
We will empower voters. And how we do it is important:   #HR1 will ban voter roll purging, expand automatic voter registration and early voting, end partisan gerrymandering, give public matching funds for small donors and increase disclosure.   This will strengthen our democracy.
Our democracy is under assault — dark money, corrupt practices, and voter disenfranchisement.  Here’s what Democrats are doing about it with #HR1:  —&gt; Making it easier to vote, not throwing up roadblocks —&gt; Reforming our campaign finance system —&gt; Fighting government corruption https://t.co/KgDNmLuM3H
If Harry Truman couldn't nationalize the steel industry during wartime, President Trump certainly doesn't have the power to declare a nonexistent emergency and build a multi-billion dollar wall on the border.  That's a complete nonstarter. https://t.co/NamOknGHMo
Which of the following is true:  Mexico will pay for the wall  The trade agreement with Mexico will pay for the wall  Thousands of terrorists cross the border each year  Trump can build the wall by declaring a national emergency  Trump makes 15 false statements per day on average
Attention Senator McConnell:   It is time to re-open the government.   The House just passed funding bills the Senate already supported. Hundreds of thousands of workers are going without pay.   It is time to put country over loyalty to Trump.  It is time to show leadership.
Kirk, thanks for sharing Loujain and Fahad’s story with me. Devastating, and it needs to be told. They’ll be in my thoughts, and more than that, we need to put our values front and center in our foreign policy. I’ll be contacting the Saudi Ambassador about her case. https://t.co/Hk75rPnM4T
Here's what we did on our first day:   ✓ Voted to reopen the government. ✓ Swore in most diverse Congress ever.   Here's what we're doing next:   ✓ Protecting healthcare. ✓ Fighting climate change. ✓ Holding Trump accountable. ✓ Tackling corruption.
At this critical time in our history I'm grateful for the opportunity to serve as Chairman of the Intelligence Committee. And I'm mindful of the great responsibility that goes with it.  We will do our constitutional duty, and put the rule of law and our nation's security first. https://t.co/BeH7elnsTx
For two years, the Republican Majority refused to hold the Trump Administration accountable. That ends today.  We will do our jobs. We will work to raise incomes and help all families succeed. We will protect healthcare. And we will do vital oversight.  Now, let's get to work.
Who needs General Mattis when you are such an accomplished student of military history? https://t.co/0Ez4gD98FO
Happy New Year! May you and your family enjoy good health and happiness this year.
What Trump said then:  Mexico will pay for the wall. I promise. I am proud to shut down the government for border security. I will be the one to shut it down.  What he says now:  Taxpayers must pay for the wall. The Democrats own the shutdown.  Promise made. Promises broken.
This is how the House Republican effort to undermine Mueller by “investigating the investigators” ends. Not with a bang, but with a Friday, buried-in-the-holidays whimper, and one foot out the door. https://t.co/oO0Nhkmg5a
All government workers in the affected agencies are impacted, Mr. President.   Both Democrats and Republicans.   Their car payments, rent and mortgage payments, food and medicine bills do not distinguish by party.   Your ill-considered shutdown hurts them all. https://t.co/VHHrhd286L
For the second time in as many months, a child has died in the custody of border control authorities. Felipe Gómez Alonzo was only 8 years old. We will investigate this tragic death and that of Jakelin Caal Maquin, but the Administration’s cruel border policy needs to end. Now. https://t.co/B7XKEkghUX
To all who are celebrating today, wishing you and your family a very merry Christmas. Here’s hoping you have a safe and joyous holiday with your friends and loved ones.
I am pleased to announce that our very talented (fill in the blank) will assume the duties of the more talented (fill in the blank) until they are in turned replaced by the still less talented (fill in the blank). He will be great! https://t.co/zRH5fplb1Q
Ethics officials recommended Whitaker recuse himself from the Mueller investigation. He refused.   Now any decision he makes is tainted. Attorneys must recuse themselves if there's even an appearance of conflict. Anything less jeopardizes public confidence in the rule of law. https://t.co/yuaswyvDVM
The President of the United States should not be discussing any criminal case in which he has been implicated with the Acting Attorney General.  This is wrong, unethical and eviscerates post-Watergate policy. Whitaker should not need an ethics opinion to know this is inexcusable. https://t.co/CTRiv4k6Xg
Trump said Mexico would pay for the wall. He said it over and over again. He assured voters they would not be stuck with the bill.   He broke that promise.  When he met with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, he said he would shut down the government.  Sadly, he’s keeping that one.
Old Marines never die, but they do resign after the President ignores their advice, betrays our allies, rewards our enemies, and puts the nation’s security at risk. Turn out the lights when Mattis leaves; we will not see his like again while Trump remains in office. https://t.co/fKUTe5nPIR
Absent an iron-clad commitment to recuse himself from the Russia probe and obstruction of justice issue, this memo should disqualify Barr from consideration. Senators must not blind themselves to Trump’s illicit purpose in choosing the acting Attorney General and his replacement. https://t.co/HhVmMBB0JZ
This is patently false and dangerously naive. These hostile nations are delighted by the U.S. withdrawal and betrayal of our regional partners.  The rash decision, despite opposition from Mattis and others, means our allies will not trust us and our enemies will not fear us. https://t.co/NJF0Dj7wdk
This ethics opinion must be shared with Congress. Now.  DOJ officials must avoid not only actual impropriety but the appearance of impropriety.   Given Whitaker’s prejudicial comments about Mueller, the public can have no confidence in him. We will scrutinize his every action. https://t.co/0Jxbn1eJSP
After the judge acknowledged the seriousness of Flynn’s conduct, he has allowed Trump’s former National Security Advisor to defer sentencing until after he has fully cooperated with the government.  It will be important that Flynn also cooperate with our Committee and testify.
The NY AG found unlawful coordination between the Trump Foundation and Trump campaign.   SDNY found Individual 1 directed unlawful coordination of hush money payments.   We must continue to investigate whether the campaign’s unlawful coordination extended to the Russians. https://t.co/DgXSkZeU17
This is not who we are.   https://t.co/1VFpjh4Gvv
Russian efforts to manipulate Americans through social media are sophisticated, cynical, effective and very much ongoing. Russia seeks to divide us among racial, ethnic and political fault lines. Every concerned American should read these new reports:   https://t.co/W0PJa0R6Ir
Today, the President’s current lawyer said this of his last lawyer:  He lies to fit the situation he’s in;  He talked to a dozen reporters and lied and deceived them;  He’s changed his story three or four times;  He’s a serial liar.  What about the guy that hired them both?
Trump has sought to draw a red line around his business and make it off limits to investigation. But his business was trying to curry favor with the Kremlin, and we can’t ignore that.  If there is any financial compromise, it would be negligent not to investigate and expose it. https://t.co/PKWgrz7rcy
We’re going to do our job and follow the facts wherever they lead. At the end of the day, we need to know that the President of the United States is acting in the national interest and not for another purpose. That’s what the American people expect of us and what we must deliver. https://t.co/fsx51eyeNP
Zinke HAS accomplished much:  There’s the Connecticut casino matter  And Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument issue  And suspect land development project in Zinke's hometown of Whitefish  In fact not since Scott Pruitt has anyone done so much...to keep ethics lawyers busy. https://t.co/jhCyRexTLs
If the Justice Department finds that a president has engaged in a conspiracy to commit illegal acts to help his campaign AND would escape justice by staying in office beyond the statute of limitations, it should allow indictment even if a trial must await the end of the term. https://t.co/38dEc9TY1c
House GOP went to extraordinary lengths to prevent a vote to end U.S. support for a war in Yemen that is causing a humanitarian disaster. Why? Because they knew it would pass.  Democrats will vote to end U.S. support for the war when we are in the Majority, only weeks from now.
Michael Cohen made the right decision to cooperate with the Special Counsel’s office. His sentencing today demonstrates that nobody is above the law.  Not the personal lawyer to the President of the United States.  Or the President himself.
At least 52 journalists have been murdered in 2018.   This year @TIME honors reporters who fought to preserve freedom of thought. Their courage, and ultimate sacrifice, must never be forgotten.    We must support Guardians around the world and our nation's First Amendment. https://t.co/dUhiM6Y2zZ
Help wanted: White House Chief of Staff. No experience necessary. Must respond well to infighting, backbiting, dishonesty and dishonor.  Excited by the prospect of an impossible work environment? Enjoy humiliation? Apply now!   *Background check ... negotiable.
The U.S. now joins Saudi Arabia and Russia in a proposal to weaken references to a key scientific report on the severity and dire consequences of global warming.  Nations, like individuals, can be measured by the company they keep. https://t.co/SnwruODf4w
There’s a real prospect that when Trump leaves office, he may be indicted and face the possibility of jail time. Were he not President, he may have already been charged.  While ordinary Americans legally supported campaigns, Trump, like Cohen, played by a different set of rules. https://t.co/URoeRT66RY
William Barr is qualified, but like Whitaker, his chief appeal to Trump may be his criticism of Mueller and his receptivity to investigating POTUS’s rivals.  Barr must pledge to allow Mueller’s work to continue unimpeded and to allow him to report his findings to the public.
Mueller revealed that Cohen provided info related to “core” investigative interests he obtained from contact with Trump Org executives — which could include family members — as well as info on contacts with persons connected to the White House.  No wonder @POTUS has been raging.
What Trump is saying: It’s a witch hunt. We will have our own report. Mueller is bad. Comey is worse. Rosenstein is no picnic. Why don’t they go after Hillary and Brennan, anyone but me?  What he means: When Mueller’s report comes, it will be bad.  Why he says it: Meltdown.
The recommendation of no jail time for Flynn, apart from its obvious irony for the man who led chants of “lock her up,” reflects both the timeliness and significance of his help. That most of the details are redacted signals he has given far more than we or the President may know
Secret business dealings with the Russians. Boasts of millions from the Saudis. Americans deserve to know our President is acting in our interest, not his own financial self-interest, or because he has been compromised.   Now, with a new majority in the House, we can find out. https://t.co/fqzihxWrv4
Happy Hanukkah to all who are lighting the first candle on the menorah and making the first batch of latkes this evening. From my family to yours, wishing you a wonderful Hanukkah celebration.
At the same time candidate Trump publicly urged sanctions relief for Russia, he was privately putting together a business deal in Moscow that required lifting US sanctions. Then President Trump and his confederates misled the country about it, in a way that left him compromised. https://t.co/4qNg86FHGa
Today, we mourn the loss of a great and decent man, father, husband and President. George H.W. Bush served in the armed forces, led our intelligence agencies and occupied the highest offices in the land. And he did so with courage, integrity and dedication to the common good.
Last year, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov claimed Cohen’s outreach on the Trump Tower Moscow deal received no response. As Cohen’s plea demonstrates, they lied. They helped Trump by providing false corroboration. This is a counterintelligence nightmare. https://t.co/jRBoBQ0DsO
To help Trump, Cohen lied to Congress about Trump’s business interests in Russia. The President’s own denials during the campaign were also false or misleading, and underscore the importance of investigating any financial entanglement between Trump and Russia.
What Trump says: If Democrats play tough I will declassify “devastating documents.”  What he means: If Democrats do legitimate oversight I will burn sources and allies by selectively declassifying info so my legal team can misrepresent it to the public.  Why he’s doing it: Fear.
After trying to tamper with witnesses and getting caught, Manafort should have learned not to mess with Robert Mueller. Apparently he did not. https://t.co/gLVd3gdZss
InSight has touched down on Mars! Six minutes of terror doesn’t begin to describe the entry, descent and landing sequence for the newest @NASAJPL mission. The scene in the control room was out of this world! https://t.co/6cjOTBOEuC
The President is not being honest with the country about the murder of Khashoggi. Siding with autocrats over his own intel agencies makes him weak, not strong. Allies don’t trust us and enemies don’t fear us.  Is he motivated by family financial interests? Congress must find out. https://t.co/ZrGXayUBzm
Try as the Trump Administration might to bury this study on the Friday after Thanksgiving, the effects of climate change can’t be hidden. It will devastate both our planet and our economy.  The U.S. needs to listen to its scientists and lead the effort to reduce global emissions. https://t.co/DZKFHEpdLb
Very thankful this Thanksgiving to be spending the day with family, including my 90 year-old father, Ed and cousins, Julia and Karen.  Wishing you and your family a safe and very happy Thanksgiving. https://t.co/66OCrRYnHc
When the President:   Denigrates the independence of the judiciary,  Attempts to have Justice Dept investigate his rivals,  Calls the press an “enemy of the people”  That’s what attacks on the rule of law look like.  When Congress fights back:  That is what democracy looks like.
To those who have said that Trump is committed to the rule of law, and that he would never seek to turn his personal or political animus into criminal prosecution of his opponents:  He is not. And he would.  We must pass legislation to protect Mueller before it’s too late. https://t.co/EoE4kYYCc6
To say “maybe he did and maybe he didn’t,” or that we are incapable of finding out the truth, or that knowing the truth our silence can be bought with arms sales, undermines the Presidency, credibility of our intelligence professionals, and our role as a champion of human rights. https://t.co/MZ3VginOcT
Nancy Pelosi recruited me to run for Congress.  Nancy Pelosi has helped me succeed in Congress.  And nobody in Congress fights for our values more effectively.  Nancy Pelosi has my vote for Speaker of the House. https://t.co/5acmMa6ZsD
What do these four people have in common?   Admiral Bill McRaven Senator John McCain Gold Star Parents Khizr and Ghazala Kahn  They respect the military. They have courage. They understand sacrifice. They make us proud.
Matt Whitaker’s appointment violates the Constitution, the DOJ succession statute and the rules of ethics, since he was appointed for the express purpose of interfering with Mueller's investigation.   During Watergate, Republicans defended the rule of law. Will they now? https://t.co/3Zoc4aZjqH
Wow, Mr. President, that’s a good one.   Was that like your answers to Mr. Mueller’s questions, or did you write this one yourself? https://t.co/Yd27sayt7C
Waste, fraud and abuse: Don Jr. cost taxpayers nearly $100,000 for a trip to India to sell Trump properties.  If the Trumps are such great business people, can’t they pay for their own marketing junkets? Do taxpayers really need to bear such costs? https://t.co/TnzVtHIBou
Under no circumstances should the Administration extradite one U.S. resident to appease Turkey over the murder of another U.S. resident by Saudi Arabia. Nor should it be done to assist in a cover up. U.S. residents should be protected, not bartered. https://t.co/Ve20BHb5jb
Last night, Senate Republicans blocked a bill to protect Mueller. This morning, Trump showed again why we need it.    We will do everything in our power to protect the Mueller investigation, the independence of the Department of Justice, and the rule of law. https://t.co/o6soyKDGvg
Trump and Whitaker should take note: We will protect the Special Counsel’s investigation and the independence of DOJ.   Should Whitaker fail to recuse himself and seek to obstruct the investigation or interfere in any way, he will be called to answer. His actions will be exposed. https://t.co/FexRQ1TX9v
It’s my hope that President Trump will decide to work with Democrats and address the challenges facing our country. But his track record of doing so is poor, make that nonexistent. Either way, we need the best legislator and tactician we have for Speaker, and that is @NancyPelosi https://t.co/hVIVeADyna
Concern Trump would dispute the 2016 results if he lost was part of the reason why Obama didn’t more forcefully call out Russian meddling. These baseless charges of voter fraud demonstrate that fears Trump would undermine the democratic process for his own gain were well founded. https://t.co/YragwOz2kX
Our Committee has lost a family member, and a truly decent and caring man — a husband, a friend, and a dedicated public servant — Damon Nelson. Our hearts and our prayers are with his wife Dana, his family, his colleagues and all of his friends. https://t.co/jpNRZpgW9b
It’s not only that nationalism is on the rise around the globe, but also its pernicious twin, authoritarianism. From Poland to Hungary, Brazil to the Philippines, liberal democracy is being challenged everywhere and America must rise to its defense. We must be freedom’s champion. https://t.co/tGrftK7OaZ
On Veteran’s Day we honor the men and women who have served our country, and recognize the great debt we owe them that can never be fully repaid. Thank you to all of our veterans, and a very special thank you to my favorite veteran, my father, who served in the Army. https://t.co/y7kpAAS5SS
If Whitaker doesn't recuse himself and has any involvement in Mueller's probe, we will expose it, including whether he made any commitments to Trump, is serving as a back channel, or interfering in the probe.  He will be held accountable. There must be no ambiguity about that. https://t.co/ZpNmOynWLi
I don’t expect anything better from Trump, but this threat, issued as people are literally fleeing for their lives, cannot go unanswered.  For those of you in the path of the fires or who have lost loved ones or your homes, we will be there for you. Even if our President is not. https://t.co/hqKXIHqpNl
The appointment of Whitaker as Acting AG, someone with a history of attacks on Mueller, is a transparent effort to interfere with the impartial administration of justice.  Take notice: We will expose any effort to obstruct justice, and people will be held accountable. https://t.co/1hiIYqMBBk
I don’t have the words to describe the horror of a young man who survived the worst mass shooting in American history in Las Vegas to die in yet another mass shooting a year later.  No other country allows this.  We will pass gun violence prevention legislation. https://t.co/dZVUuyeBvN
Acting AG Whitaker’s relationship with Sam Clovis, an important witness in the Russia probe, and his past prejudicial comments about the investigation warrant his recusal.   Congress must determine whether Whitaker made any promises to Trump about his recusal or impeding Mueller.
The mass shooting in Thousand Oaks is horrific, and all too familiar. Once again we are devastated by the loss of life. And we are grateful to the first responders, one of whom lost his life. Our response must not be familiar. We must do something about gun violence. We must ACT.
President Trump just removed Jeff Sessions. He wants an Attorney General to serve his interest, not the public.  Mueller's investigation and the independence of the DOJ must be protected. Whitaker and any nominee must commit to doing both.   We will protect the rule of law.
We have been given a great responsibility.   We must use it to govern wisely and put forward a positive agenda for the country. We must restore Congress as a co-equal branch of government and do vital oversight.   That’s a lot to accomplish. So let’s get to work.
No matter who you support, don’t take your right to vote for granted. Your voice matters, make sure it’s heard.   If you need help finding your polling place or voting, visit https://t.co/OYeJYYPlG2.
Less than a week after the most devastating anti-Semitic attack in American history, it was moving to attend Shabbat with members of our community at Temple Sinai Glendale tonight. We must repudiate violence and hatred, and come together to combat anti-Semitism. #ShowUpForShabbat
This is what happens when you abdicate leadership of the free world. Not to mention basic decency. https://t.co/r4fKI9GiX8
Sending troops to the border as a political stunt. Promising to amend the constitution by executive order. Stoking bigotry after a mass shooting motivated by bigotry.   I said Trump was the worst President in modern history and I was wrong — when I said modern.
Literally nobody believes this. You held a rally at the White House to celebrate the passage of a bill taking away protections for those with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/0MgdbCOp9t
Update from the swamp: Not drained, but referred to Justice Department for further investigation. https://t.co/ahDXfQwSqt
Congratulations @RepJoeKennedy on the Red Sox win. Looks like sushi dinner will be on me. Crustaceans are overrated anyway.   To the boys in blue, thank you for an incredible season. You make LA proud, @Dodgers. #LADetermined https://t.co/h2NfNu29im
I don’t often quote Fox News, but Shep Smith has it right: A dwindling group of refugees and migrants a thousand miles away is not a crisis. We have laws to deal with it.  Hyping this threat has nothing to do with national security — it’s only the worst kind of political stunt. https://t.co/zhzQJUUIeM
Just days after a gunman murdered 11 Jews worshiping in synagogue explicitly because he believed anti-Semitic conspiracy theories about refugees, the President is once again fanning the flames of fear and hatred. It’s all he knows how to do.  He cannot be better so it’s up to us. https://t.co/FcIg3YhbAf
The gunman is responsible for mass murder. He alone pulls the trigger.  But we create the atmosphere in which the gunman acts, and no one sets the tone more than @POTUS. It’s not enough to say the right words now if he preaches hatred and division every other day of the year. https://t.co/OZbptr37Z0
It’s not too soon to say I’m horrified those worshipping at a synagogue were targeted and murdered. It’s not too soon to say we’re grateful for the first responders who risked their lives. And it’s not too soon to say that it’s in our power to take action against gun violence.
You say there are good people on both sides of a neo-Nazi rally.  Suggest that immigrants are all murders, rapists and gang members.  Praise a politician who assaulted a reporter.  And it’s CNN’s fault someone sent them a bomb?  We know you have no decency, but have you no shame? https://t.co/GVMiB9OIGI
Mail bombs. Death threats. Political shootings. The proliferation of violence has many causes, but we cannot discount the effect of hate-filled speech and the bile-filled pollution of our civil discourse. There is a hunger for a return to decency. And a profound need.
Yes, I was being sarcastic, but if my previous tweet was too convoluted let me be crystal clear:  These are but a few of the most egregious lies being told about those fleeing violence and risking everything to seek a better life. Trump merely seeks to exploit their desperation. https://t.co/hQhrjIdMYz
Ok, @RepJoeKennedy it’s on. It’s Bean Town vs LA LA Land. If the Sox prevail, sushi is on me. If the Dodgers win, lobster is on you.  It’s been 30 years since the Dodgers last won, but the drought is over. Get the pot boiling because it’s going to lobstahs galore! #WorldSeries
In Helsinki, Trump questioned Russia’s interference in 2016. Now, in Moscow, days after a Russian was indicted for TRYING TO INTERFERE IN THE MIDTERMS, John Bolton says their prior interference made little difference.  The surrender tour continues, full steam ahead. https://t.co/BPFDW6d4BN
Social conservatives hope to advance their agenda by redefining transgender people out of existence, and they are using the power of the state to do so.  It is immoral, anti-scientific and doomed to fail. People are who they are, and no administrative edict can change that. https://t.co/gvVNHC59Bd
The extrajudicial and extraterritorial murder of a journalist is something we would expect of the Kremlin, not an ally.  Jamal Khashoggi’s death must cause us to re-examine our relationship with Saudi Arabia, and that should begin with the suspension of military aid in Yemen. https://t.co/hNQONEMZ84
The claim that Khashoggi was killed while brawling with 15 men dispatched from Saudi Arabia is not at all credible. If he was fighting with those sent to capture or kill him, it was for his life.  The Kingdom must be held to account. If Administration doesn’t lead, Congress must.
The Russian efforts to interfere in our political affairs did not end in 2016, they didn’t even pause. Today's indictment shows that Russian disinformation efforts are ongoing and sophisticated, and they are intent on dividing us and weakening our society and political system. https://t.co/8wsoUBOGXq
Fitting and tragic that Jamal Khashoggi’s final column calls attention to the threats to the freedom of the press in the Arab world, and how international silence emboldens regimes to imprison journalists, or worse.  His words have been proven horribly prescient. https://t.co/FaYeNAgX9Z
America doesn’t need or want its President to be test marketing Saudi fictions, like “rogue killers,” or searching for a “mutually agreeable explanation” for the premeditated murder of a journalist critical of the Saudi government. We want the truth and we demand accountability. https://t.co/WdCRewTV3y
.@Twitter taking an important step towards transparency, making a set of data on Russian and Iranian influence operations available to the public and researchers.  The best antidote to these attacks is exposure, and we need the active cooperation of all technology platforms. https://t.co/opLqW9Xnem
Republicans promised their tax cuts for millionaires and big businesses would pay for themselves.  They knew that wasn't true and didn’t care.  So now they say we must cut Medicare and Social Security.  Not a chance. We’re not stiffing seniors to pay for their tax giveaway.
Trump says he has no interests in Saudi or Russia. But they have interests in him:  Don Jr in 2008: “Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.”  Trump in 2015: “Saudi Arabia —they buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million.” https://t.co/F7DygOvi9L
King Salman denies it.  Vladimir Putin denies it.  Roy Moore denies it.  Brett Kavanaugh denies it.  In the President’s world, the truth doesn’t matter. Admission is weakness. Denial is everything. The more vehement the better. But don’t ask Trump.  He denies it. https://t.co/bBjYduvggI
Our democracy is broken, and President Trump is only one reason. Congress is the other. It has failed to serve as a co-equal branch of government, and to play its essential role as a check and balance.  With a Democratic majority that will change. I explained how in a new op-ed: https://t.co/IZY4zdFm8j
Emoluments for dummies:  Candidate Trump: “Saudi Arabia, I get along with all of them. They buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million ... I like them very much.”  President Trump on Saudis suspected murder of Khashoggi: “We’re going to have to see.”  U.S. v $ https://t.co/HA9NRwHw0n
At the highest levels of the Saudi government, Jamal Khashoggi was considered an “enemy of the people.”  At the highest levels of our government, a hostility to the press and solicitude towards autocrats puts all journalists at risk.  Along with America’s standing in the world.
As Hurricane Michael moves inland, our thoughts are with all who have been affected by this historic storm and those who are in its path. We give our thanks to the first responders working to keep others safe.
Senior Trump campaign staff met with a foreign company about creating fake social media accounts and gathering intel on his opponents.   Isn’t it interesting that those are the same services the Russians provided for free? https://t.co/AiJq7U9EFY
We can’t predict earthquakes, not yet, but we can give some advance notice. ShakeAlert sends a signal to transit systems, hospitals and first responders that a quake is imminent.  Soon, we hope it will send an alert to your phone too. Joined BART today to see the pilot in action. https://t.co/U7OyzXjhwm
Jamal Khashoggi, a Saudi journalist and dissident, was called to the Saudi embassy in Istanbul on Tuesday, and has not been seen or heard from since. Tragically, he is now feared dead.  We must demand immediate answers from the Saudi government.
You attack prosecutors at DOJ.  Fire your FBI Director and threaten your own Attorney General.  Call an investigation that has led to the conviction of five of your associates a “witch hunt.” Repeatedly.  And now you claim to believe in the rule of law.  Nobody buys it. https://t.co/x7c5dxapNZ
Thank you, Dr. Ford, for your courage. Your testimony did not change the outcome — these GOP Senators were not interested in the truth — but it did change the country. You have inspired millions of Americans, women and men.  We will not forget your bravery.  Or their cowardice.
No, Mr. President, these woman are not paid professionals. Nor are the Sandy Hook parents or David Hogg or the millions of Americans fighting for decency and morality. Your dog whistles won’t change that. https://t.co/C2N1x4W5xZ
How to do an investigation without really trying:  1.) Set artificial deadline 2.) Dictate which witnesses can be interviewed 3.) Decline to follow new leads 4.) Purposefully exclude main witnesses 5.) Declare vindication  White House made sure the fix was in from the beginning.
Russia continues to threaten the U.S. and our allies through sophisticated cyber-attacks, disinformation campaigns — even the use of chemical weapons.  Instead of confronting Russia, Trump embraces it.  What will it take for Trump to see the threat clearly and act appropriately? https://t.co/vzZKj8LCNJ
For two years, we’ve seen how the flaw of this deeply unethical man in the Oval Office has infected the whole of government. But watching the audience laugh at Trump’s ridicule of a sexual assault survivor, we see the damage runs much deeper, and debases our public discourse.
The Trump Administration’s new policy to deny visas to same-sex domestic partners of foreign diplomats and UN employees is a repugnant attack on LGBT diplomats and their families – many of whom cannot marry because it is not legal in their home country. https://t.co/NT50kzjL3T
Trump just mocked Dr. Ford, a victim of sexual assault. This shouldn’t surprise us — he’s mocked Gold Star parents, the disabled, and prisoners of war. But it should disgust us all the same. https://t.co/9YunYJYo4W
President Trump is the only modern presidential candidate to refuse to release their tax returns, reneging on a promise to do so. The revelations in the New York Times only heighten the need for the public to see his tax returns and understand his family’s financial dealings. https://t.co/Oan95VWGpS
A year ago, a gunman opened fire on a crowd in Las Vegas, killing 58 people and injuring 851. And yet, one year later and you can still go online and buy a “bump stock,” the device he used to fire 1100 bullets in the span of a few minutes.  Had enough of this do-nothing Congress? https://t.co/wwe5FOfKAL
Not content with insisting the FBI conclude a difficult investigation within a week, the White House is now apparently telling the FBI who they can and cannot talk to.  This is not how you conduct an investigation. But it is how you do a whitewash. https://t.co/v2yjNpON3z
We need to protect Mueller’s investigation now, not when a constitutional crisis comes.  Wake up, my Republican colleagues. Stand up to this President. Defend our democracy and the rule of law. Do your duty. https://t.co/2YxDFaymWZ
House Intel GOP stonewalled the release of witness interviews until the last day. And hiding behind closed doors, they rejected the disclosure of key testimony by Brennan, Comey, Rogers and Rohrabacher. And they won’t let Mueller see the evidence.   They call this “transparency.”
Dr. Christine Blasey Ford deserves our respect.  I am inspired by her courage.  She is one woman, but her words carry the weight of millions who have faced sexual assault.  I believe her.
Trump’s congressional allies have been trying for months to bully Rod Rosenstein into resigning, and the current crisis is just the latest pretext.   Here’s why his forced resignation would be dangerous to Mueller’s investigation: https://t.co/D6yYro3HUJ
There’s an old saying in Washington: Show me your budget, and you show me what you value.   Well the Trump Administration is taking money from cancer research and Head Start programs to pay to detain immigrant kids.   What kind of values are these?https://t.co/GIpxtNtlor
The President’s defense team is rooting for him to fire Rosenstein, saying it should mean a “time out” in the Mueller investigation.  @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr, it’s time for a vote on legislation to protect Mueller and the rule of law. No more hiding. No more excuses. https://t.co/MeE1PEJYa7
Under no circumstances should Rod Rosenstein resign. This would place the Mueller investigation in even greater jeopardy. Rosenstein should continue to do his job, protect the independence of the DOJ, and if the President intends to obstruct justice, force Trump to fire him.
If the Special Counsel finds that President Trump has obstructed justice, the firing of James Comey will be Exhibit A.  Exhibit B would be any action against Rod Rosenstein.  Show some devotion to country, Republican colleagues. Avert a constitutional crisis and say something.
17 years ago, Congress passed an authorization for use of military force against those who conducted the 9/11 attacks and successive administrations have relied on it ever since.  The AUMF is now nearly as old as some of our troops. Isn’t it time we revised or repealed it?
Trump today acknowledged U.S. allies have urged him not to release highly sensitive material, but left open the possibility that he will do so anyway to undermine the Mueller investigation.  How sad it falls to our allies to talk the President out of damaging national security.
Republicans held Justice Scalia’s seat open for more than 400 days. Justice Kennedy’s seat has been vacant for less than two months. It's more important to investigate a serious allegation of sexual assault than to rush Kavanaugh onto the Supreme Court for a lifetime appointment.
Wishing all those observing Yom Kippur an easy fast. Gmar Chatima Tova.
America has been a beacon of hope for those fleeing religious persecution, war, and violence. Facing the worst global refugee crisis of the postwar period, the Admin is closing the door. Trump would have us become a fearful nation, yearning to wall itself off from the world. https://t.co/kLTbNjaOIm
President Trump has intervened again in a pending investigation by ordering the selective disclosure of classified materials he believes to be helpful to his defense. The DOJ and FBI have previously informed me that release of some of this information would cross a “red line.”
In the face of a credible claim of sexual assault, corroborated by a therapist’s notes, the Senate must stop the rush to confirm Kavanaugh and look into this serious allegation. To elevate him to a lifetime appointment without doing so would be reckless and unconscionable. https://t.co/mWKjdvUEV9
Nunes promised to release all the witness interviews, then reneged. We hope this time he will follow through.The American people deserve to see what the witnesses said, the many questions they would not answer, and the how often the Majority — to protect Trump — let them refuse. https://t.co/KcVgRhS9By
Any move by Trump to pardon Paul Manafort, or dangle a pardon, would be a further act of obstruction of justice. When he was running, Trump said he was going to drain the swamp, but the only person who’s draining the swamp is Mueller. Trump is threatening to pardon the swamp. https://t.co/iAhols6Qsj
Manafort’s cooperation agreement is broad and requires him to provide complete and truthful information “in any and all matters” which the government deems relevant. He would be wise to do so, as Mueller’s team has already shown that it will not tolerate obstruction of justice.
Another victory for Mueller as Manafort pleads guilty, admits allegations against him and agrees to cooperate. We must reserve judgment on the value of his cooperation, given he’s had joint defense agreement with Trump, hopes for a pardon and has admitted to obstructing justice.
As Hurricane Florence brings its wrath to the homes of millions of Americans, our thoughts go out to all affected. We give our thanks to the first responders working tirelessly to provide aid and bring those who are in danger to safety.
Your comments display an ignorance as large as the storm itself.   The death toll was due to a lack of access to potable water and power, and because the nation failed to bring a sense of urgency to the relief effort commensurate with the size of the disaster — and still has. https://t.co/bAIpz9dwYk
CBO report: deficit to hit $1 trillion by 2020, 2 years ahead of schedule.  We knew tax cuts for the wealthy would explode the deficit. And now they have.  Still, Trump &amp; Ryan argue for massive cuts to Medicare &amp; Social Security, saying we don’t have the money.  Not a chance. https://t.co/TNvlPsYRB2
As the Congressman whose district includes Hollywood, California, I’ve represented some of the biggest stars in the world. I can now say “in the galaxy.”  Congrats on the Emmy win @NASAJPL! https://t.co/BaTzqT9qs7
Seventeen years later, the memory of September 11 is still so vivid and its legacy so profound. We remember the lives lost, the courage of the first responders, bravery of the passengers on Flight 93, and how our nation stood united in the face of such evil.
L'shanah Tovah to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah tonight! Sending my best wishes for a happy and healthy New Year.
Anonymous: Trump is amoral, and unhinged, and we must resist rash and misguided orders from him that would harm the country.  Trump: I demand that the Attorney General investigate my senior staff!  Sessions: We must resist this rash and misguided order?
At his sentencing, George Papadopoulos was held to account for lying to federal investigators – lies which impeded their inquiry.   With former Trump staff lying to the FBI, the work is hard enough. Trump and his allies in Congress must cease their efforts to undermine Mueller.
Trump’s legal team never had any intention of allowing him to be interviewed, knowing he is incapable of telling the truth. It’s past time to subpoena the President. No one is above the law. https://t.co/6jAusTHFEo
The Trump Administration separated kids from the parents, and more than 500 still haven’t been reunited in violation of a court order.   Now the Administration plans to violate another court order to keep kids locked up indefinitely.  These are not our values. We will fight this. https://t.co/icia4tXNaY
Of course Kim has faith in Trump, who has welcomed the pariah into the international community, with little to show for it. Putin undoubtedly feels the same way.  It’s telling that none of the leaders of our fellow democracies can say the same. https://t.co/x4b1K0BjTW
They flattered me like a dog and told me I had white hairs in my beard ere the black ones were there. To say “Ay” and “No” to everything that I say “Ay” and “No” to was no good divinity...Go to, they are not men o’ their words. They told me I was everything. Tis a lie.—King Lear https://t.co/6KOuHp0ode
Bob Woodward’s book paints a portrait of a president constitutionally incapable of telling the truth, without the knowledge to keep our country safe and unwilling to learn. In sum, a man utterly unfit for office.  America cannot afford a Congress that acts as a rubber stamp.
Trump again threatens to use state power to censor the press. With his “enemy of the people” rhetoric and efforts to punish the Amazon/Washington Post, this is the most serious assault on the 1st Amendment since Nixon. GOP response: Silence. Apparently, only 2nd Amendment matters https://t.co/kf7XzQcZce
America’s greatest economic strength will continue to be the productivity, ingenuity and determination of the American worker. As we honor working families across our nation this Labor Day, we recognize that millions of families still struggle and the work must go on.
The President doesn’t bother to disguise his authoritarian impulses or conviction that law enforcement should simply be an extension of his political self-interest.  The only question is whether Congressional Republicans will continue to look the other way. https://t.co/iWDx7WHR0g
Two Reuters journalists in Myanmar were sentenced to seven years in prison for uncovering atrocities against the Rohingya minority. Outrageous. We must continue to demand Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo be released immediately. https://t.co/XZvdw00EXF
Republicans fell all over themselves to give trillions of dollars of tax cuts to the wealthy and to big businesses, and they want to give them even more.   But when it comes to working people, retirees, and the disabled, suddenly deficits matter again. https://t.co/C00WG4sOZV
I paid my respects to Senator McCain today at a ceremony in the Rotunda. He invited me to travel with him and it was a great honor. We didn’t always agree, but he wasn’t looking for that. He respected those who had a cause greater than themselves, and no one was a better example. https://t.co/BV7W506dTT
Russian intelligence agencies helped Trump win so only fitting that one of their own should attend his inauguration. As if this were not enough, a GOP lobbyist helped the Russian intel operative illegally buy tickets.  Chalk up another Trump-Russia conviction in the witch hunt. https://t.co/GBPJ1RPpRO
Bad enough that the President’s lawyer, who purports to speak for the Administration, urged Romania to undermine its own anti-corruption efforts — repudiating the position of our own State Department’s stance. Worse still that he took money for it.  Swamp overflowing again. https://t.co/TBO06T5LJF
Here is an issue that is crying out for congressional inquiry. Americans, overwhelmingly Latinos and including veterans, are having their citizenship questioned, and being denied passports. Outrageous and unacceptable.  GOP response: Hear no evil, see no evil, do no oversight. https://t.co/nAJcHWZuKW
If the President’s relationship with China was so strong, it wouldn’t be weakening economic pressure on North Korea.  Sadly, when Trump cancelled joint exercises with South Korea, he violated Rule #1 of negotiations: Make no major concession without getting something for it. https://t.co/IYW3JMVU73
Mr. President, you have at your disposal the resources of the nation’s law enforcement agencies and intelligence community. Use them.  (An FBI official today has rebutted this nonsense: “The FBI has not found any evidence the servers were compromised.”) https://t.co/QSDoEigWLf
In a more respectful time, Mr. Vice President, there would be a Justice named Merrick Garland on the Supreme Court. But Garland never got so much as a hearing or even a courtesy visit from Senator McConnell. https://t.co/ecNzHydALl
Trump owns a hotel across the street from the FBI HQ. He has a financial stake in plans to redevelop or relocate.  He cared enough to meet with the GSA about it, and to prevent them from disclosing what he said to them.  House Republican reaction: Move along, nothing to see here. https://t.co/GqkiyZyHLQ
“Do not despair of our present difficulties but believe always in the promise and greatness of America, because nothing is inevitable here. Americans never quit. We never surrender. We never hide from history. We make history.”   — Senator John McCain
There‘s every reason to believe Brett Kavanaugh was chosen because he doesn’t believe a President should be subject to investigation. We cannot accept a nominee to the Supreme Court who believes that any president is above the law. Period.  The Senate must reject his nomination! https://t.co/Lccbzqb93x
John McCain was a true American hero. With a spine of steel, refreshing candor and rapier-like wit, he was a lion of the Senate.   Our nation and Congress will miss his wisdom, dedication to duty, and willingness to speak truth to power. Thank you for your service to our country.
Thinking of John McCain and his family. Throughout his life, Senator McCain has exemplified what it means to serve your country with honor, distinction and pride. He is a true American hero and I feel fortunate to know him and to have the chance to serve with him in Congress.
After giving big corporations and the wealthy a giant tax cut, Republicans now want to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security to pay for the massive deficits they created.  We won’t let them balance the budget on the backs of seniors, the disabled and the poorest among us. https://t.co/9FPLDLrkIo
Just introduced legislation with @JimLangevin to prevent President Trump from retaliating against those on his “enemies list” by revoking their security clearances.   The security clearance process must be governed by national security concerns — not political payback. https://t.co/K8tJl5Ypg0
Over 90 percent of teachers across the country have paid for school supplies out of their own pockets.   So of course, Betsy DeVos wants to buy them guns. How about we start with pencils and paper? https://t.co/rEVOwmTwPG
Another crack in our system of checks and balances as prominent GOP senators signal their willingness to replace an Attorney General as punishment for refusing to shut down an investigation of the Trump campaign and initiate unfounded prosecutions of Trump’s political rivals. https://t.co/zCLAxznY30
In his praise for Manafort, now convicted of multiple felonies but refusing to spill the beans, to his ire with Cohen for a willingness to cooperate, to his absurd claim that turning state’s evidence should be outlawed, Trump acts more like a mob boss than a president.
Those “non-crimes” are punishable by up to five years in prison and $250,000 fine. Each. https://t.co/DsGrTXEnSE
The first two members of Congress to endorse Donald Trump, Chris Collins and Duncan Hunter Jr., have been indicted for financial crimes and campaign finance violations in the past two weeks.  Gee, I wonder what they saw in Trump?
Michael Cohen’s guilty plea appears to implicate the President in a knowing violation of campaign finance laws, with the payment of hush money to advance the Trump campaign. This is the first guilty plea directly alleging potential criminal activity by the President.
Manafort’s conviction shows that Mueller’s investigation is far from a witch hunt, as Trump falsely repeats as a mantra. It also shows his campaign and Administration were rife with people with a history of unscrupulous business dealings and concerning ties to overseas interests.
Once again, the Trump Administration has chosen the profits of polluters over public health and safety.  Their proposal to gut the Clean Power Plan represents another step backward in the fight against climate change. We will resist this all-out assault on the environment. https://t.co/3WRAZPyJKZ
Scott Pruitt’s soundproof booth cost $43,000 for ONE call, or $8,600 per minute. Congress didn’t learn this; the Sierra Club did.  Imagine what Congress could uncover if Republicans were as interested in doing oversight of this Administration as they are with Hillary’s emails. https://t.co/pjf2fkfVo8
For a President who has made over 4,200 false statements and misleading claims since taking office — an average of over 7 per day (https://t.co/7Rwx3EJLJN) — asking Trump if he knows the difference between fact and fiction is a perjury trap. https://t.co/iJGvLqCxbK
When @POTUS first threatened to pull John Brennan’s security clearance in July, @SpeakerRyan said he was just “trolling.” If he attempts to remove Special Counsel Mueller, Congressional Republicans cannot claim they didn’t see it coming.  When will the GOP put country over party? https://t.co/8DaMiMI3tP
Today, Giuliani added to Orwell’s liturgy:  War is Peace.   Slavery is Freedom.   Ignorance is Strength.   Truth isn’t Truth. https://t.co/3M0q3Unlmp
Trump on revoking Brennan’s clearance: Gotten a “tremendous response” for doing that.  Admiral McRaven: “I would consider it an honor if you would revoke my security clearance as well, so I can add my name to the list of men and women who have spoken up against your presidency.” https://t.co/X7hA7XI9AD
Lest there be any doubt, the President lays bare that he is punishing Brennan for doing his job to protect the nation from Russian interference.  Just as with the firing of Jim Comey, the President made clear the official justification is just a pretext — in this case, revenge. https://t.co/42hkX7I4SL
In adding John Brennan to his enemies list, Trump demonstrates again how deeply insecure and vindictive he is — two character flaws dangerous in any President.  An enemies list is ugly, undemocratic and un-American. I also believe this action to silence a critic is unlawful. https://t.co/bfOhThIWfq
The Trump Administration has announced it will be eliminating “family-based” immigration (which they denounce as “chain migration”).  Instead, only relatives of Trump’s own family are allowed to petition for citizenship under the new policy of “hypocrisy-based” immigration. https://t.co/0LVwp721e1
Heather Heyer was murdered by a white supremacist in Charlottesville last year as neo-nazis, the KKK, &amp; white supremacist groups violently rallied for their hateful ideology.  We have a moral obligation to stand up to hatred &amp; bigotry. There are not two sides, only right &amp; wrong.
Yes, Mr. President, a year &amp; a half later and your Nat'l Security &amp; Foreign Policy Advisors both pled guilty to felonies, Campaign Chair is on trial &amp; Deputy Chair is a witness against him (also pled) and dozens of Russians indicted.  The speed of it DOES take your breath away. https://t.co/eC3nd0Najn
If the Special Counsel finds the President guilty of criminal conduct and Sessions will not protect Trump, the GOP has a plan B: Impeach Rosenstein and allow the President to appoint someone who will stop Mueller.  There is a lot at stake this fall, including the rule of law. https://t.co/XEz8i7HIuq
Add GOP Rep. Collins, arrested today for insider trading, to the list of the indicted, convicted or disgraced that surround the President: Gates, Manafort, Flynn, Pruitt, Jackson, Price, Papadopoulos, Porter…  For a complete list, Twitter will need to expand character limit.
You've been in office for 18 LONG months and you still don't have a science adviser, so allow me to help.  Environmental protections have nothing to do with the wildfires in CA. Climate change does.  We're not going to let you use fires as an excuse to clear-cut our forests. https://t.co/R5IdRmPpO7
Two years ago, Democrats sought agreement with Republicans that neither party would exploit documents hacked by the Russians. The GOP refused.  We must develop that consensus now or it will only invite further meddling. https://t.co/sCnyfYMSfR
The Russians offered damaging info on your opponent. Your campaign accepted. And the Russians delivered.  You then misled the country about the purpose of the Trump Tower meeting when it became public.  Now you say you didn’t know in advance. None of this is normal or credible. https://t.co/AEDYiIbXyY
President Trump is waging a concerted campaign to undermine the First Amendment:  Calling the press “the enemy of the people”  Whipping up crowds against them  Trying to punish CNN by blocking a merger  Pressing the postal service to punish the owner of the Washington Post
The Trump Administration’s decision to remove California’s ability to set its own higher fuel economy standards is a dangerous mistake.  It will harm our health, exacerbate climate change, and cost us more at the pump. We will fight this. https://t.co/J1xEWbJvks
The President of the United States just called on his Attorney General to put an end to an investigation in which the President, his family and campaign may be implicated.  This is an attempt to obstruct justice hiding in plain sight. America must never accept it. https://t.co/F8b6a0IGOh
The evolution of Trump on Russia:  No meetings with any Russians.  Ok, lots of low level meetings.  Ok, high level meetings too, but about adoptions.  Ok, not about adoptions, but Trump didn’t know.  Ok, maybe he did, but no crime.  Next?  Ok, it’s a crime. Pardons for everyone!
It’s clear much more work needs to be done before the midterms to harden our defenses, because foreign bad actors are using the exact same playbook they used in 2016 — dividing us along political and ideological lines.   As Dan Coats said, the warning lights are blinking red. https://t.co/ifev077BHe
Not content with a budget busting tax break that has helped the wealthy and CEOs, the Trump admin is considering another $100 billion gift.  Remember this when they say we have to cut Medicare or Medicaid to save money.  https://t.co/3r04O8sCE5
In light of reports that Trump allegedly knew of and approved meeting with Russians, Giuliani is now arguing collusion is not a crime. True, but conspiracy is.  Still, does this mean the President’s mantra will change from “no collusion, no collusion” to “no crime, no crime”?
My thoughts are with all who have been affected by the terrible fires burning across California.  Thank you to the first responders who are working tirelessly to keep us safe. https://t.co/jNPHIMfh5L
Mr. President, we can well understand your desire to fight over your wall. Your tax cut is a flop, the economy you only inherited from Obama, and you have no meaningful legislative achievements to show for your presidency.  Stop taking it out on kids and families. https://t.co/dAmXgmvhnL
News that Russian hackers targeted Claire McCaskill’s staff shortly after Trump called for her ouster is a chilling sign of Kremlin plans for midterms. As Dan Coats said, the warning lights are flashing red.  All Americans, of all parties, must denounce this, even if Trump won’t. https://t.co/wIc3PxeBb5
If Trump knew about the June 9 meeting, this is the chronology:  The Russians offered Trump help  Trump approved getting Russian help  The Russians delivered help  Trump dictated a false statement about the true purpose of the meeting  Trump covered up his own role
If allegation Trump ok’d June 9 meeting is true, it means he not only publicly appealed to Russia for help, but privately approved receiving it.  As forecast to Papadopoulos, that help would come in the release of Clinton emails. The conspiracy case may have just gotten stronger. https://t.co/7GULzPqkk4
This dangerous move by Trump Admin to cater to the NRA poses a grave threat to public safety by making it possible for ANYONE with a 3D printer, including terrorists and domestic abusers, to print untraceable firearms without as much as a background check. https://t.co/BmW2GymsFY
These articles of impeachment against Rod Rosenstein were filed in bad faith and show extraordinary lengths to which House Republicans will go to protect Trump. History will record these Members as willing accomplices in the most serious threat to the rule of law in a generation. https://t.co/nZvyytfgKk
Pompeo was asked whether he knew what the President agreed to in his private meeting with Putin. I ran his answer, below, through Google translate from English to Russian and back to English again, and this is what came out:   “I have no idea. Not a friggen clue.” https://t.co/cC2x7SPZmc
These reports of separated children are difficult to read, but cannot be ignored. With the final deadline to reunite families only days away, the majority of the 2,600 kids remain separated, and hundreds of parents have been deported.  They must be reunited. We cannot turn away. https://t.co/O1jE6S6LIZ
As former prosecutor, 3 things notable about Cohen tape:  1) Clear Giuliani was untruthful when he said Trump didn’t know  2) Goal was to kill story before election, so campaign motivated  3) Regardless of cash or check, whole point of phony corp. was to hide campaign expenditure
I’m sure you’re right, Mr. President. The Russians definitely don’t want a president who undermines NATO, excuses their invasion of Ukraine, weakens Europe, and calls their interference in our election a “hoax.”  Oh, and they also don’t want a warm water port. https://t.co/XFgKk2rBVc
Jonathan Gold was more than a food critic. His love of people, culture, and yes, a good meal helped tie together our wonderfully diverse city. So sorry to hear of his passing. https://t.co/7JBsdcA2iQ
Giuliani’s new “offer” to the Special Counsel: You can ask the President about conspiracy, but only if Trump’s answer can be limited to “no collusion, no collusion, no collusion.” As to obstruction of justice, no questions at all please.  Enough is enough. Time for a subpoena.
Just introduced a bill with @NancyPelosi and @RepEliotEngel condemning the President's attacks on NATO and his destructive performance with Putin.   A handful of the GOP members expressed their dismay, but will they show some courage and co-sponsor?
Politicizing security clearances to retaliate against former national security officials who criticize the President would set a terrible new precedent.  An enemies list is ugly, undemocratic and un-American. Is there no length Trump will not go to stifle opposition? Wake up GOP.
The suggestion by the President that antitrust action should be brought by the Justice Department against Amazon because he doesn’t like his coverage in Washington Post is a direct assault on the First Amendment.  Are Republicans in Congress blind to this threat, or merely mute? https://t.co/Hm9tCJp1Fe
Wrong again, Mr. President, no matter how many times you repeat it.   Investigation began when the FBI learned one of your other foreign policy advisors, George Papadopoulos, had been informed Russians had stolen emails and were prepared to help your campaign by releasing them. https://t.co/dNYrTFOQVB
The release of the Carter Page FISA application makes clear, once again, the FBI acted lawfully and appropriately.   This hasn’t stopped the President and Republicans from repeating the same fraudulent taking points in the discredited Nunes memo.  Sadly, some things never change: https://t.co/b4JPj86Mka
After his summit with Putin, Republicans can no longer ignore the fact that, whether he is or not, Trump acts like he’s compromised.  Why else would he side with Putin, a former KGB officer, over his own intelligence agencies, bash Europe and favor the Kremlin over NATO allies? https://t.co/7WTJ7e4hb6
Looking more and more like the President cannot separate fact from fiction. FBI had good reason to believe Page was an agent of a foreign power, and the FISA was lawfully approved by 4 different judges.   If the President isn’t compromised, why does he continue to act this way? https://t.co/z7xsSpkEqD
Deeply saddened to learn that a woman inside the Silver Lake Trader Joe’s was shot and killed. I had a chance to speak with Chief Moore and to thank him for the brave work of the men and women of the LAPD. Our prayers are with the families of the victims.
Concerned about shooting and ongoing situation in Silver Lake. My thanks to police and first responders who are on the scene. I am praying for a peaceful resolution.
.@CalSunday spent a year with me, and I take strong issue with the claim I “tell jokes like a dad if that dad had access to classified information”, even if I’m not always allowed to disclose the punch line.  And I’m not such a big deal, but it was nice they suggested otherwise. https://t.co/OKA0hKbPjr
After this week, can any reasonable person still question whether, if Russia offered to help the Trump campaign (and it did), the campaign would accept that help? Or whether Trump’s request that the Russians hack Hillary’s emails (apparently acted upon) was serious?
If you don’t believe our intelligence agencies, @SecNielsen, you might accept Vladimir Putin’s own admission in Helsinki. He said on Monday he wanted Trump to win.   And he repeated it twice, so you know he didn’t misspeak. https://t.co/2F0pcK8liv
Today, Republicans on the House Intel Committee voted against our motion to subpoena the U.S. interpreter from the Trump-Putin summit to testify. The American people need to know what secret deals Trump made with Putin during his one-on-one meeting.  Watch here: https://t.co/v3DMWC4KXk
BREAKING: @RepSwalwell and I just made a motion in House Intel Committee to subpoena the American interpreter during the summit — the only witness to Trump’s meeting with Putin. This is an extraordinary remedy, but Trump’s actions necessitate it.  Republicans voted it down.
Sarah Sanders says when Trump said “no” the Russians wouldn’t intervene in 2018, he really meant yes. Apparently it takes people at the higher ends of Intelligence to see that “no” means “yes,” “would” means “wouldn’t” and NATO means nothing.  Oh and “nothing” means “everything.”
No "consultation" is needed to make clear that U.S. will never cooperate in Putin's crusade against Bill Browder or former U.S. officials, like Ambassador McFaul.  @McFaul served his country honorably. His freedom is not up for negotiation or to be offered up as a gift to Putin. https://t.co/B7mqBdpx8x
Our intelligence agencies are clear: Russia attacked our elections in 2016, and are poised to do so again. Dan Coats just said the “warning lights are blinking red.”  But once again, President Trump fails to defend the United States, and gives a green light to Putin and Russia. https://t.co/Ecevczj21p
I would say that I completely believe President Trump misspoke and that he has full faith and confidence in the members of our intelligence community and understands that Putin and Russia were fully responsible for intervening in our election.  Sorry. I meant wouldn’t.
.@realDonaldTrump’s behavior yesterday was an unprecedented betrayal of our country’s values &amp; interests.  Reagan. Clinton. LBJ. JFK. It’s impossible to imagine those presidents showing such reckless disregard for the guidance of our intel community &amp; America’s national security.
There are some in this Administration who believe they are protecting the republic by remaining at President Trump’s side.  After the debacle in Helsinki, they must ask if they have instead become enablers, and can better serve our nation by resigning in protest.
Mariia Butina, a Russian national, has been charged with acting as a surreptitious Russian agent and establishing a secret back channel with the GOP through the NRA.   More likely to come on this; no wonder GOP members of HPSCI refused our request to bring her and others in. https://t.co/UWhoxHz3lr
President Trump’s performance today was the most damaging and shameful surrender of American values and interests in modern history.  I say again to my Republican colleagues: Wake up.
President Trump just attacked our intelligence agencies and law enforcement for doing their jobs while standing next to a dictator who intervened in our election to help elect Trump.   Putin will take this as a green light to interfere in 2018, and it is. Cowardly and shameful.
Instead of blaming America first, put blame where it belongs — on Russia.  For invading Ukraine. For poisoning British citizens. For supporting Assad. For interfering in our elections.    Your statement reads like Putin’s talking points, not the leader the free world. https://t.co/XHy2wShLPD
The President has difficulty concealing his admiration for Putin. Clearly he views the Kremlin strongman as a benefactor, given the Russian intervention in the election on his behalf.   To give this unindicted co-conspirator a summit meeting, sends exactly the wrong message: https://t.co/IJ8koem8B5
Russians are playing the long game – developing their social media presence, including fictitious organizations that, over time, have built up a certain trustworthiness among followers.  We will continue to expose their malign presence by publishing information as we receive it: https://t.co/qHrnTZ5wRZ
1.) Those are not “stories,” but charges in an indictment.   2.) You asked Russians for their help on July 27, and they responded. Read paragraph 22 of the indictment.  3.) Obama did something; he called out the Russians, something you’re incapable of doing. Cancel the summit. https://t.co/4aNozAu9iK
My full statement on the Special Counsel’s latest indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers for hacking Clinton campaign officials, the DNC, and the DCCC. https://t.co/NTfXtK3YCi
Latest indictment of Russian intelligence officers and Kremlin-directed hacking operation designed to help the Trump campaign adds to weight of evidence against Putin. Since the President plainly lacks the courage — or the motive — to confront him, he should call off the meeting.
In the category of things you might have missed because it was buried by other corruption and scandal, consider the newly confirmed head of DOJ’s criminal division. He has no trial experience, but did have one relevant qualification: he was a lawyer for Russia’s Alfa Bank. https://t.co/TEcIydH4zt
An absolutely disastrous week for the U.S. as the President bullied his way through Europe, leaving a trail of broken relationships in his wake.  Still to come: a one-on-one meeting with Putin and a likely further betrayal of American values and security.
GOP leadership at the Strzok hearing demonstrating again that there is no water they will not carry, no character they will not assassinate, no institution they will not destroy in service of the President. Giuliani will be pleased with the additions to Trump’s legal defense team
In 1938, Churchill published a series of speeches warning of Germany’s rising menace, “While England Slept.”  Today, one of America’s major parties is asleep, as a rising tide of authoritarianism threatens to submerge many of the world’s great capitals.  My speech on the Floor: https://t.co/8qNfWpBgqF
Our Baltic allies are under constant threat from Russia, and NATO's military exercises are a vital deterrent. Little would undermine NATO more than the idea that security of NATO members is subject to negotiation with Putin.  But perhaps that's precisely the President’s intent. https://t.co/oZZJxon1xo
The Trump Admin continues to do everything in its power to sabotage the Affordable Care Act, no matter the cost.  This time they're cutting funding that helps people sign up for coverage &amp; working to promote “junk plans” that aren't required to cover basic health care services. https://t.co/nbGMMoqlZ8
NATO came to our defense after we were attacked on 9/11. Its members fought by our side in Afghanistan. NATO has kept the peace in Europe.   The question is not what good is NATO, but what’s wrong with a President that doesn’t recognize its immense value. https://t.co/rS07tALcE0
While Republicans sleep: A rising tide of authoritarianism sweeps over capitals in Turkey and the Philippines, in Hungary and Poland, in far right parties in Germany, France and Austria. And President Trump cozies up to Putin and shuns our NATO allies. Wake up! Do your jobs.
If confirmed, particularly following McConnell’s refusal to consider Merrick Garland, Judge Kavanaugh will only further the perception of the Supreme Court as a fully partisan institution, indistinguishable from the other branches.
When McConnell refused to hold a confirmation hearing for Obama’s Supreme Court nominee and demanded to wait until after the election, he set a precedent that he now must live with. There should be no confirmation hearing until the American people have a say.
Ever mindful of his self-interest, Trump has picked Brett Kavanaugh, who once wrote that he didn’t believe a sitting President should be subject to criminal investigation or prosecution.  Kavanaugh could be deciding vote on legal challenges to the Mueller investigation. https://t.co/1b28UHharc
A concerning, but predictable shift. Kim may well perceive that Trump’s overeager and premature declarations, without real concessions by North Korea, mean that he can act freely, secure in the knowledge that the President will sooner shout “fake news” than admit any error. https://t.co/hzZ2bXnKp8
President will never willingly submit to an interview because his lawyers know that he‘ll either incriminate himself or fail to tell the truth. White House stonewalling is unacceptable. If Mueller needs their testimony, it’s time to subpoena Trump and others, including John Kelly https://t.co/eBEKcDhLXp
Donald Trump says the now former EPA Chief was doing an “outstanding job.”  Not since Bush complemented “Brownie” for his great job mismanaging Hurricane Katrina relief has a President been so oblivious to the malfeasance of his staff.  Pruitt was a disaster from start to finish.
This is a completely manmade disaster. It is the result of a President who willed the separation to happen, an AG who was happy to carry it out, and a GOP Congress unwilling to do anything about it. We must end this separation immediately and make sure it never happens again.
I asked one of those charged with the care of these kids how it affected them to see these children missing their parents and to know this was completely unnecessary. It is heartbreaking for them as well.
The staff is caring, the facilities were clean, and the organization running them also serves refugee children and other unaccompanied minor immigrants. But none of that can make up for the trauma the kids are enduring.
For children whose parents have been deported, the family can decide to seek to place the child with a relative in the U.S. or to have the child deported. But if placed with an undocumented relative, that child could face a second separation. It’s unconscionable.
The shelter has 16 kids separated from their parents. Most had been in the facility for weeks. The parents of 2 of them had already been deported. HHS has identified all the parents, but 2 kids had yet to speak to their parent, because the detention centers are disorganized.
I just visited a shelter for separated children in California. The kids had a place to sleep, food to eat, a school to attend and medical care. Everything, but what they need — their parents.   We must reunite these families:   https://t.co/Pnk71rlutA
Wishing you all a happy and safe Fourth of July! https://t.co/oyBd7Bloqz
The Senate Intelligence Committee found what is obvious to all impartial observers: Russia meddled in the 2016 election to hurt Clinton and help Trump.  It was clear in January 2017, and the evidence has only grown stronger since. Only the President and his allies deny it. https://t.co/vkvd326k33
If the President wanted to know what happened, which was self-reported by the NSA, he could ask.   Instead he watches TV and tweets nonsense, as if he’s a Fox pundit, and not head of the Executive Branch.   Another day. Another false claim. Wake up, GOP. Silence is complicity. https://t.co/9u3PGoyMkh
Press freedom is essential to democracy in Myanmar. The arrest of Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo was a brazen effort to silence reporting on the ongoing violence against the Rohingya.   They should be released immediately. https://t.co/ifPv601xgE
Inspired by the tens of thousands marching all around the nation to #keepfamiliestogether. We demand an end to this inhumane policy, and that these children be reunited with their parents immediately. #FamiliesBelongTogether https://t.co/dOto1HgGBF
It’s only been 3 weeks, but Scott Pruitt has already generated enough new scandals for a new verse:  🎵When the Post writes, When the IG digs, When the tweets are mad,  I simply get tickets and “tactical pants,”  And then I don’t feel so bad! 🎵
Horrified by the shooting at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, and thinking of those who were killed and injured.  Journalists do vital work to tell stories that must be told and hold power accountable. They’ve earned our respect and our thanks. And now our prayers. https://t.co/C4WXddydxl
Here’s my message to House Republicans:   Wake up. Do your job.  You swore an oath to the Constitution, not to this President. Your job is oversight, not to help Trump’s legal defense.   These attacks on our justice system must end. https://t.co/0sWIri73hF
Well, I guess if Russia continues to deny interference in our election, that resolves the matter. Make way Reagan, for the Trump Doctrine: Trust, but never verify.  Verification is for losers. https://t.co/R9Uvnzu25W
McConnell held a Supreme Court seat open for a year, insisting no Justice be confirmed in an election year without voters having a say. This was a terrible precedent but one he will need to live with. Dem Senators must insist — absolutely no confirmation until after the midterm.
Another effort by Paul Manafort to challenge the legality of the Special Counsel’s investigation has failed. Could it be because the charges are well founded and Mueller is well within his jurisdiction? https://t.co/u99HIVEKjr
Decision to uphold Muslim Ban is deeply disappointing and gives scant weight to @POTUS’s explicit statements about its impermissible intent. We must fight for our national values, which are threatened by Trump's actions and the historically conservative court now upholding them.
Erdogan “won” reelection in Turkey this weekend only by decimating the opposition through arrests, violence and squashing freedom of the press.  Turkey's descent into autocracy is another reminder that democracy is under assault worldwide.  DO NOT CONGRATULATE.
The horror of family separation may be “Trump’s Katrina” and the images of stricken children the crucible that forges a lasting impression of this malevolent administration. But Katrina was a natural disaster made worse by human error. This tragedy was man-made from the start.
Mr. President, we won’t turn our back on those fleeing violence and persecution. We won’t stop offering asylum. We won’t give up our values of generosity and compassion. Immigrants helped build this country, and understand its ideals better, apparently, than you do. https://t.co/h3WENxUcIe
Russian troll accounts were still active on Twitter as recently as this year, interfering in our politics. We will continue to expose this malign online activity so Americans can see first-hand the tools Russia uses to divide us: https://t.co/OQvJ9VpT9x
Celebrating my birthday today with my staff who made me some "Liddle” cupcakes! https://t.co/KX2fUt1FZq
Secretary Nielsen privately told lawmakers the Administration may go back to separating children from their parents. Congress must ensure that NEVER happens. I'm urging the House Appropriations Committee to prevent funds from ever being used to separate families entering the US: https://t.co/JzZu58AUOf
Giuliani just revealed that Trump’s supposed willingness to testify to Mueller is a charade.  Only a subpoena is likely to bring about a timely interview with the President whose lawyers fear is either incapable of telling the truth, or that the truth is far too incriminating. https://t.co/XQxQPADA5L
Separating children from their families is inhumane.   Jailing families indefinitely is also not the answer.   What we want is a smart immigration policy, characterized by  human decency.  And a President who knows right from wrong. https://t.co/1H7RSHKvMa
First, Trump created a crisis by repealing DACA, and threatened to deport DREAMErs if he didn’t get his wall.  Next, he created a crisis by separating children from their parents, and held them hostage.  This nightmare isn’t over. And it won’t be over until his presidency is.
No, @SecNielsen did not do a “fabulous job,” she just repeated the falsehoods you have told to justify the indefensible treatment of these families. She has lost her credibility, and a DHS Secretary that cannot be relied upon by the country has no value. She should step down. https://t.co/mAxAz1w26N
Senate voted to reinstate sanctions on Chinese telecom firm ZTE — now the House should do the same. The President prioritized Chinese jobs over our national security, but Congress doesn’t have to go along with that. @SpeakerRyan, do your job. https://t.co/n78jnwpBJC
Thank you Laura Bush for speaking out. I know there’s great reluctance among former Presidents and First Ladies to comment on the current President. But this Administration’s family separation policy is so abhorrent &amp; antithetical to our values that all Americans must condemn it. https://t.co/f6xWxEqKMt
Stone’s testimony appears inaccurate or deliberately misleading. Similarly, Caputo omitted interacting with a Russian offering dirt on Clinton. It could not plausibly have escaped his recollection.   Majority continues to block release of transcripts to Mueller to protect Trump. https://t.co/vfPEMsvRCn
While we celebrate and appreciate the dads in our lives today, let’s remember that not all families are able to spend #FathersDay together. This Administration’s policy of separating children and families at the border is cruel and inhumane. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Trump is using the grief, tears, and pain of these kids as mortar to build his wall, and extort a bill to his liking in Congress.  And by accepting the President’s many falsehoods about what is required to end this policy, the GOP in Congress has become the party of lies. https://t.co/2XmSaFRoPm
The President says it's irrelevant whether he lied about dictating Don Jr.'s statement on the Trump Tower meeting, because he was just being dishonest with the public.  No wonder he is trying to dodge answering Special Counsel Mueller's questions, when he would be under oath. https://t.co/zJaO6n5Pbu
The Administration's policy of separating parents from their kids is an unnecessary and deliberate cruelty. Have you seen the images of these devastated children? Heard the story of the devastated father who took his own life? This is not the America we know &amp; love. It must stop. https://t.co/K31A5vqfbv
No deep state. No secret society. No anti-Trump cabal at the FBI. No evidence that political bias influenced decisions in the Clinton probe. No indication that Comey’s errors of judgment did anything but help the Trump Campaign.   No vindication for the President.
The IG report highlights the impropriety of sharing information on pending investigations with Congress in a manner likely to be made public, an ongoing concern given GOP attempts to obtain information about the Russia probe that can be used by President’s lawyers and surrogates. https://t.co/pMzhw3x4DH
Lawsuit against Trump Foundation for using charity money for campaign purposes highlights need to follow the money in Russia probe.   If Trump family would misuse charitable donations for its financial or political benefit, would it hesitate to launder Russian money to same end? https://t.co/tLZSidMiu1
The Saudi/UAE-backed offensive on the port city of Hudaydah – Yemen’s remaining commercial and humanitarian lifeline – only risks deepening the human suffering in Yemen. The Trump Administration must exert its influence to prevent this further military escalation and save lives: https://t.co/aGBjKCjnUI
Today, Trump was asked about Kim Jong-Un’s history of executing political opponents. Trump defended Kim by saying he was “a tough guy.”  Trump can’t conceal his admiration for despots, or his disdain for democratic leaders like Justin Trudeau. And still, Republicans stay silent.
The GOP failed to destroy the Affordable Care Act in Congress, so now Trump Admin will use the courts. Shockingly, they seek to gut protections for preexisting conditions, something they swore to defend.  Have they no experience with serious illness, no empathy for those who do? https://t.co/WMIBe4yMIw
One trip and it's "mission accomplished," Mr. President? North Korea still has all its nuclear missiles, and we only got a vague promise of future denuclearization from a regime that can't be trusted.  North Korea is a real and present threat. So is a dangerously naive president. https://t.co/dufG8rVHsL
Open lines of communication are always preferable to the possibility of military conflict, particularly nuclear war. An objective assessment of the result of the summit with North Korea, however, reveals dangerous concessions by Trump, and no new commitment or specifics by Kim: https://t.co/GADmsHNqPX
#NetNeutrality protections end today because House Republicans refused to act. Congress still has the power to restore a free and open Internet for all.   I signed the discharge petition to force a vote. Call your Representative and ask them to do the same: 202-224-3121.
To my Republican colleagues:  How long will you remain silent as President Trump lays ruin to our alliances and tears apart the very fabric of our democracy?  Patriots do not stand mute when our country is in jeopardy, no matter what party occupies the White House.
Today, and every day, we reaffirm that LGBT rights are human rights, that love is love, and that we must continue to fight for equality for all. Happy #Pride! https://t.co/pGR8Slmv92
List of allies Trump has purposefully alienated: Canada, Britain, France, Germany, Australia, Mexico, most of Southern Hemisphere, all of Africa...  List of adversaries Trump has purposefully praised or courted: Russia and North Korea.  List of foreign policy successes:
Yes, Mr. President, something happened to get Russia kicked out of G8: It invaded its neighbor and still occupies parts of Ukraine. May seem like a small matter to you or like ancient history (only four years ago), but it‘s a big deal to anyone who aspires to lead the free world. https://t.co/TfPohQVcZ3
The Trump Doctrine: Alienate our friends and embrace our enemies, condemn democratic governments and extol dictators, renounce global leadership and isolate America.  His vision of our country is not a shining city on a hill, but a dark and lonely victim of the world’s treachery.
Today’s superseding indictment alleging Konstantin Kilimnik worked with Paul Manafort to obstruct justice not only deepens Manafort’s legal peril, it shows that Trump’s former campaign chair worked with a Russian with reported ties to Russian intelligence to subvert U.S. law.
🎵 ”My Favorite Things” by Scott Pruitt:  Ritz-Carlton lotion and a Trump Hotel mattress,  Kevlar car seats and Chick-fil-A® Nuggets,  First class to Morocco  and a cheap DC condo,  These are a few of my favorite things! 🎵  (Apologies to the von Trapp family)
The Iran deal that you withdrew from took 15 months to negotiate. North Korea is even more complex, with numerous warheads hidden in the most closed nation in the world.  We want you to have a successful summit, Mr. President. This is too important for you to “wing it.” https://t.co/P6vEpuHHjg
The President just caved on a deal with ZTE, a Chinese company that our intelligence professionals say poses a national security threat. Is the President so desperate for a deal — any deal — that he is willing to put Chinese jobs ahead of our national security? https://t.co/0AtvxUVNHc
Separating children from their parents as a “deterrent” is a deliberate cruelty. Pretending the law requires it is cowardly nonsense. You own this horrific policy. https://t.co/tmzfkHoDoI
President Nixon asked the Department of Justice if he could pardon himself. They said no, as no one may be the judge in their own case. He resigned three days later.   In case you want to follow the Nixon model, that would be Thursday. https://t.co/5ntHaySTBJ
First, we’re told there were no meetings with Russians. Then, we’re told Trump had no part in drafting the false Trump Tower statement. Then, we’re told he weighed in. Now, we’re told he dictated it. Not a word can be trusted of Trump or his staff on Russia, or perhaps anything. https://t.co/wEFoytdNG4
The President’s legal arguments would render whole sections of the Constitution moot, and allow a president to engage in any form of criminality and obstruct an investigation into his own wrongdoing. Nobody is above the law. Not this President. Not any president. https://t.co/DKpZizrpKl
Power to pardon or commute sentences can be used to right injustices, like Matthew Charles who served twenty years and is being sent back to prison over a technicality. Or ... it can be used for a fellow TV personality convicted of obstruction of justice. https://t.co/wp9j3wvrgM
Abuse of power continues with pardon of conservative activist who broke campaign finance laws by hiding donations over the legal limit, not unlike concealment of Stormy Daniels payment. @POTUS says unfair. Why, because he was caught? Trying to send a message to Michael Cohen? https://t.co/j8G2hZ8QSQ
.@PressSec yesterday: "The President has been...focused on North Korea, he’s focused on trade deals, he’s focused on rebuilding our military, the economy and that’s what he’s spending his time on - not responding to other things."  @POTUS today: Back to his usual focus - himself. https://t.co/eBbvP7S8dC
The evidence that President Trump sought to interfere with the Russia investigation continues to mount. If Trump tried to have Sessions reinsert himself in the Russia probe so that his loyalist could improperly influence its findings, it is more proof of a corrupt intent. https://t.co/CWEeOKbHnM
On Memorial Day, we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice defending our country.  To the men and women in uniform, to all who have served or continue to serve this nation, and to their families and loved ones, thank you. https://t.co/a7pO0OJKtZ
It begins by seeding the ground with a falsehood: "They spied on the Trump campaign." It's then promoted by the President, who echoes the falsehood. Then his allies call to investigate the falsehood.  This is how propaganda works. It is also how democracy dies, one lie at a time.
Terrified children are being separated from their parents pursuant to your Administration’s policy, Mr. President. You have power to stop it.  Do you really think our nation can’t see how you use their suffering as mortar for your wall? Have you no shame, no sense of decency? https://t.co/2KKTy7iPjp
It is one thing to imagine a fictional world. It is another to repeatedly assert that something imagined is real. The first is the realm of the novelist. The second is that of a demagogue. https://t.co/ofhIb5QF2a
Emmet Flood’s presence and statement at the outset of both meetings today was completely inappropriate, and I told him so. It only underscores what Rudy Giuliani said: the President’s legal team expects to improperly obtain and use such information for their defense.
Nothing we heard today has changed our view that there is no evidence to support any allegation that the FBI or any intelligence agency placed a “spy” in the Trump Campaign, or otherwise failed to follow appropriate procedures and protocols. Our statement: https://t.co/5yPuIaMDnl
False statements about wiretaps at Trump Tower.  False statements about unmasking.  False statesments about a political spy in the Trump campaign.  False statements about the Mueller investigation that has indicted the President’s top staff.  It’s not spy-gate, only lie-gate.
There’s a reason why this is the most scandal-plagued Administration in modern history. When you combine an unethical President with one-party rule, it is an invitation to ruin. Power corrupts, and Trump’s absolute power has corrupted all too absolutely.
The White House has directed the DOJ and FBI to hold a partisan briefing on infomation the President wants given to his allies in Congress. No Democrats allowed.  This is another serious abuse of power. There’s a bipartisan mechanism called the Gang of 8. They need to use it.
Alarming to see that the Secretary charged with protecting the 2018 elections claims not to have read the intelligence on the 2016 elections.  If she had, she would have seen the specific evidence the Russians sought to help Trump, a finding now affirmed on a bipartisan basis. https://t.co/HgsDG5ahxm
This statement raises two serious concerns:  First, if these are same materials DOJ warned could risk lives and investigations, why share them now?   Second, is Kelly attending? The President must not abuse his power to obtain investigatory materials for his legal defense team. https://t.co/aedjJ3rDlz
Giuliani removes all doubt – the White House effort to force DOJ to give investigatory materials to Congress is really about the defense team getting their hands on them. If the President is charged with a crime, he has a right to see the evidence. Not before. https://t.co/HfzzdZ894d
Trump’s claim of an embedded “spy” is nonsense. His “demand” DOJ investigate something they know to be untrue is an abuse of power, and an effort to distract from his growing legal problems. Never mind that DOJ has warned that lives and alliances are at risk. He doesn’t care. https://t.co/c1itPmiHnv
Horrified by the shooting in Santa Fe that took the lives of 9 students and a teacher. Their families, hundreds of students and teachers who witnessed this tragedy will never be the same.  We must act to keep our schools and our children safe. Words of condolence are not enough.
Clearly, we have been taking the Science Committee’s understanding of climate change for granite. And while I appreciate the sediment, maybe we should leave climate science to the professionals. https://t.co/M4IDy4pENJ
When Mueller was appointed, Democrats and Republicans promised to defend his independence.  Now, one year in, Republicans in the House are working desperately to discredit Mueller, DOJ, and FBI.  We must let him do his work. The rule of law depends on it.
Just introduced a bill requiring any Executive Branch spending at Trump-owned businesses, like golf courses and hotels, be disclosed to the public. Americans deserve to see how their tax dollars are being used to enrich the nation’s chief executive and his family. https://t.co/UWhTB7yiQq
Murderers, rapists, and animals. This is how the President views undocumented immigrants. These degrading words are also how despots around the world dehumanize those they persecute.   The only protection? A vigilant citizenry and the rule of law. https://t.co/hSATf0OxCV
The American people have made clear they want a free and open internet, without fast lanes and slow lanes.   It’s time for Congress to listen. The Senate just voted to save #NetNeutrality.   There is no excuse. @SpeakerRyan must schedule a vote. Now.
The Senate Judiciary Committee just released the transcripts of interviews about the Trump Tower meeting.   We tried to release ALL our transcripts but were blocked repeatedly by Republicans.   The public deserves to see them and judge for themselves. Release the transcripts.
China backs Trump project in Indonesia to tune of $500 million. Trump backs China with fix for ZTE, a company that has cheated on Iran and North Korea sanctions and poses a cyber threat to U.S.  Today’s swamp level: White House now completely submerged.   https://t.co/5Scaub3vWO
It’s Sunday and that means Eve is playing piano. It’s Mother’s Day and that means she is playing even more piano. Happy Mother’s Day to all the amazing moms out there! https://t.co/3rXiQ1CI8u
Our intelligence agencies have warned that ZTE technology and phones pose a major cyber security threat. You should care more about our national security than Chinese jobs. https://t.co/7Ygh7805jg
Trump Administration holds up merger involving parent company of CNN, whose coverage Trump hates, while Trump’s lawyer secretly takes $600,000 to “advise” on the same merger.  Swamp level today: Overflowing. https://t.co/T3jXkDCPkn
There is no law enforcement or other legitimate basis for separating children from their parents at the border. It is simply cruel. Imagine the terror of a young child in a strange land, pried away from his or her parents. What ever happened to compassion or family values? https://t.co/dcZtkMbamX
By exposing these Russian-created Facebook advertisements, we hope to better protect legitimate political expression and safeguard Americans from having the information they seek polluted by foreign adversaries. Sunlight is always the best disinfectant.
They sought to harness Americans’ very real frustrations and anger over sensitive political matters to influence our thinking, voting and behavior. They created online communities that appeared organic and American, but were really run by a troll farm in St. Petersburg: https://t.co/8NabLfv6go
Russia sought to divide us by our race, our country of origin, our religion, and our politics. They attempted to hijack legitimate events meant to do good – teaching self-defense, providing legal aid – as well as those events meant to widen a rift.   Here's just some examples: https://t.co/YMX2FTgPGU
Russia sought to weaponize social media to drive a wedge between Americans, and in an attempt to sway the 2016 election. They created fake accounts, pages and communities to push divisive online content and videos, and to mobilize real Americans.    Here's how: https://t.co/JqKSm5saAi
Last year, the bipartisan leadership of the House Intel Committee made a promise to the American people to publicly release the Facebook advertisements used by the Kremlin-linked Internet Research Agency.   Today, the Minority is fulfilling that promise: https://t.co/zsZXLIavp1
VP Pence has now brought his sycophancy to a whole new level. With questions concerning which senior transition officials were aware of Flynn’s secret talks w/ Russian Ambassador still unanswered and new revelations every day, investigation must continue without his interference. https://t.co/gXFdZVc15h
The President’s assault on freedom of the press continues as he threatens the credentials of reporters who expose his malfeasance. America must be vigilant: A people loses its freedom not by sudden approach, but by steps so small it doesn’t see tyranny coming. https://t.co/LLSsX8dNhn
Very pleased to hear of the release of three Americans from North Korea. The North Korean regime has long used hostage taking to gain leverage over the United States. I hope and pray these will be the last Americans to face detention or torture in North Korea.
Decision to withdraw from #IranDeal will undermine our national security, increase prospect of a nuclear Iran or a conflict with them, and cause the world to conclude America doesn't keep its word. Scuttling the deal without a Plan B is not a strategy, but a dangerous abdication: https://t.co/QMzc9z1z2J
Giuliani’s embarrassing effort to explain what Trump knew and when he knew it, is a useful reminder that no one who works with the President leaves with an improved reputation for integrity or truthfulness. Why are so many willing to debase themselves for a seat at Trump’s table?
Pulling out of Iran Deal with no Plan B makes conflict with Iran more likely and means that America can’t be counted on to keep its word. It‘s also exactly the wrong move as we enter negotiations with North Korea.  I asked the Intel Community to provide an assessment to Congress: https://t.co/o70e6Z2PL8
Given all the secret meetings with the Russians, the denials, the false statements, and the guilty pleas, your attacks on the Republican, respected, decorated, Vietnam Veteran running the investigation could not be more false, or transparent. https://t.co/spipVhx6uJ
What Kellyanne Conway and Sarah Huckabee Sanders are doing — taking the President’s abundant falsehoods and trying to weave them into some alternate “truth” — is corrosive to our democracy and among the most destructive features of this Administration.
While President Trump can't be charged with lying to the American people, his false statements about hush money payments can be used as evidence that the President knew he was violating campaign finance laws. False statements are often powerful proof of a consciousness of guilt. https://t.co/zlflggKPU3
President Trump must comply with any subpoena from Special Counsel Mueller, and if Trump’s legal team tries to fight that in court, they are going to lose. https://t.co/hNIDRPy7Uo
Liftoff for @NASAInSight! Their mission: to look at Mars' inner core for clues to its past, measure seismic activity and explore whether the planet has any underground water reservoirs. https://t.co/TyP3layOfN
Trump: I didn’t know about any hush money. Cohen: He didn’t know. Guliani: Of course he knew. Trump: He doesn’t know. Cohen: Who doesn’t know? Trump: Guiliani!  Guliani: Trump! Cohen: No one can fix this.
Donald Trump is out championing the idea of his own impeachment to rally his supporters — let him. Democrats should keep their focus on the economy and a return to decency. Let the investigations run their course before reaching any conclusion. https://t.co/Zt4dW12Mys
It was not so long ago that President Trump was endorsing gun safety reforms and saying GOP Congress was “scared” of the NRA. Now he’s going to kiss the NRA ring again, and back away from reforms to save lives. Another complete capitulation. https://t.co/nfOGFAa8P0
For a former U.S. Attorney like Giuliani to call the FBI “stormtroopers” and urge the Attorney General to investigate the DOJ, shows there is no limit to the destruction the President’s allies will wreak to protect him and their place at the seat of power. https://t.co/n7is2RIfwT
The President and his allies in Congress fool no one. @POTUS has no interest in DOJ records apart from the light they shed on his exposure. Trump allies want a fight with the DOJ so he can justify firing Rosenstein. And @SpeakerRyan watches on and does nothing. https://t.co/lx9V0jNBrJ
Mr. President, you are getting poor legal advice from Mr. diGenova. The fact that you can fire someone doesn’t mean you can fire them for a corrupt purpose. No one is above the law. https://t.co/kjFe796Li7
Ignoring the reporting requirement for civilian casualties is a terrible decision. I introduced a bill in 2014 to make it mandatory, and unfortunately this shows why executive action is not enough. We must be transparent and accountable about use of lethal force. https://t.co/Y5wTzjRxqb
If you’re not concerned, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, why won’t the President agree to an interview with Bob Mueller? His protestations of “no collusion, no obstruction” would be more convincing if he wasn’t trying to dodge answering questions under oath. https://t.co/Hl87a3Fp8b
President Trump is looking for someone to blame for Ronny Jackson’s failed VA nomination, but the truth is that the President nominated someone with no relevant experience for one of the toughest, most important jobs in America. That alone is malpractice.
It appears that terrorists in Kabul targeted the media who rushed to the scene of a bombing, killing nine reporters. Simply monstrous.  Every day, journalists all over the world risk their lives to expose the truth, hold those in power accountable, and make democracy possible. https://t.co/Hfs6wla38s
Ok, Mr. President, let me see if I follow: Putin tells Veselnitskaya to admit she was aiding the Kremlin during her secret meeting with your son, so Russia can further implicate itself in colluding with your campaign, because ... you’re too tough for him? https://t.co/WsLMGMPR9D
Before @POTUS hangs up the “Mission Accomplished” banner, he needs to realize North Korea has long a history of vacillating between confrontation and conciliation. We must seize this opportunity to test whether North Korea is serious, but we need to go in with our eyes wide open. https://t.co/NJzDwPHHwp
We have an affordable housing crisis, and yet the Administration wants to triple rent for some of the most vulnerable Americans, right after passing a massive tax cut for the wealthy and corporations. Congress must reject this proposal. https://t.co/ZR1DUSu0kR
3.) In light of the testimony of Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie in our investigation this week, as well as statements from Facebook, Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix certainly appears to have given false testimony under oath. Read it here: https://t.co/Rud0Aj6XMe
2.) Don Jr. had two calls with Emin Agalarov to pursue dirt Russians were promising as part of June 9, 2016 meeting. Sandwiched between these calls? A third call from a blocked number. We tried to subpoena call records to see if blocked number was Donald Trump, but Rs blocked us: https://t.co/VErLSPRcGJ
We lay out some new facts:  1.) Russians sought to establish a secret back channel with Trump campaign through NRA in May 2016 according to an email from Paul Erickson to Rick Dearborn &amp; Jeff Sessions. They sought to make “first contact” at the NRA convention. See the email here: https://t.co/1fN7OG0Nds
We all hope the meeting between Kim Jong-Un and Moon Jae-In augurs a peaceful future after decades of tension and conflict, but vital questions remain, particularly  the complex and hugely consequential challenge of achieving denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula. https://t.co/JRP1ee3RD8
Mr. President, to conclude there is “no evidence” of collusion, you must ignore Russia’s extensive efforts to help your campaign, the litany of communications between Russia &amp; your campaign, &amp; the massive effort to conceal these contacts. Here’s the truth: https://t.co/ufM7sszcxW https://t.co/k2TX7LYfU5
The Senate just took the first bipartisan step towards protecting Mueller’s investigation and the rule of law. When will House Republicans show any such courage? https://t.co/RzBouCL16v
Today Trump told Fox, "I'm very disappointed in my Justice Department" and threatened to interfere in Russia probe. Mr. President, it's not your Justice Department; it belongs to the American people and serves the public interest, not yours. Any interference will not be tolerated
Nothing says drain the swamp like telling a room full of bankers to give more money to politicians who put the interests of banks ahead of people. https://t.co/5YWN13kBaV
We march today to commemorate the 1.5 million men, women and children killed in the Armenian Genocide more than one hundred years ago. We march against genocide and hatred all over the world, call for justice and restitution, and pledge we will never forget and never give up. https://t.co/FyAfOVf5rL
North Korea’s announced suspension of missile and nuclear tests is a positive sign in the lead up to a high-stakes summit. With North Korea, there is always room for deep skepticism, but we should seize the opportunity to test their willingness to change. https://t.co/ACBe6Biyx3
The memos do not discuss collusion, Mr. President, but they do show you clearing the room and asking Director Comey to drop the Flynn case. Along with your repeated requests for loyalty and to “lift the cloud,” this is all evidence of potential obstruction. https://t.co/2DGF32doHp
For the first time in the Senate's 229 year history, a Senator brought her baby on the floor to vote. Very proud of my friend @SenDuckworth who made history today. https://t.co/TaTEzUkv9u
Congress can’t prohibit the President from abusing the pardon power, but we can ensure that if he uses it to shield himself or obstruct justice, we will find out.  We should act now to prevent a constitutional crisis rather than try to respond to one. https://t.co/3LPbWuLZAc
In 2017, @timkaine and I wrote to @POTUS to ask for the legal justification for the Syria strike. We never heard back.   The President just ordered another strike on Syria, so we are asking again. The Administration owes the American people a response. https://t.co/8P7isNCjHt
By pardoning Scooter Libby, President Trump signaled he could use the pardon to shield himself and those who remain loyal to him.  I just introduced a bill requiring investigatory files be given to Congress after any pardon in which the president or family members are implicated. https://t.co/T35St8YikY
When the dark chapter of the Trump presidency is written in the history books, the harshest criticism will be reserved for the GOP leadership in Congress, which put party over country and refused to defend our institutions and the rule of law when they were most at risk. https://t.co/qZTyOtBwT3
Barbara Bush was a remarkable woman, First Lady, and American. She was a paragon of grace and decency throughout her life and an example to so many. She will be missed and my condolences to her family and loved ones.
Are your taxes going up next year?  If you’re not wealthy or a corporation, you have a 30% chance of paying more taxes next year, higher if you live in a blue state. And your kids will definitely pay much more — the GOP borrowed from them to lower the corporate rate even further.
The deadly fate of journalists who expose corruption and human rights violations in Russia continues with the death of Maxim Borodin this past week. Russia ranks 83rd of 100 countries for press freedom, and reporters who challenge the Kremlin repeatedly pay with their lives. https://t.co/PEHIJFwKLJ
This morning I praised the Administration’s decision to impose sanctions on Russia over their support of Assad’s chemical weapons attack against his own people. That praise was, sadly, undeserved, as the President has ordered an about-face. https://t.co/mlPgYE36WV
I have serious differences with James Comey over his handling of the email investigation, but on two points, I am in solid agreement: Donald Trump does not reflect the values of America and is morally unfit to be President.
Here’s the fundamental problem, Mr. President: After 17 years at war in Afghanistan, 15 years in Iraq, and now 7 years of war in Syria, the mission is seldom accomplished. Something you should consider before embroiling us further. https://t.co/sWKBP31DBO
Scooter Libby's pardon is meant to send a message to potential witnesses against Trump. That's why I’ve drafted a bill requiring that in any case with a pardon in which the president’s implicated, investigatory files must be given to Congress to see if it’s obstruction of justice https://t.co/WXC2wWMaqQ
Bashar al-Assad’s chemical weapons attack against his own people merited a strong international response — these attacks must not be tolerated. However morally justified, the strikes risk serious escalation. Absent congressional authorization, they are also on thin legal ground.
On the day the President wrongly attacks Comey for being a “leaker and liar” he considers pardoning a convicted leaker and liar, Scooter Libby. This is the President’s way of sending a message to those implicated in the Russia investigation: You have my back and I‘ll have yours.
The President considers firing the Attorney General, Deputy AG, and Special Counsel and the House Intel Chair considers impeaching the FBI Director — all to obstruct an investigation into wrongdoing by the President or those around him.   @SpeakerRyan response: I’m outta here.
As @POTUS considers military action in response to the Assad regime’s chemical attack, the legal basis for any strike should be a primary consideration, not an afterthought. Trump Admin still hasn’t explained basis for the 2017 strike. The President’s authority is not unlimited.
Poor relations with Russia were caused by Russia’s violation of our sovereignty, not the investigation of it. And their support for Assad and invasion of Ukraine.   Given that Russia’s intervention was on your behalf, the conflict of interest is clearly yours, not Mueller’s. https://t.co/Ic6k7uS7FB
Mueller should subpoena Deutsche Bank if he has reason to believe it would lead to evidence Russians laundered money through Trump Organization. The President has no authority to draw a red line or fire Mueller simply because a particular investigative lead might incriminate him. https://t.co/pKAIFi0AJ6
Firing Rod Rosenstein because he approved a warrant that may produce evidence against the President or his lawyer is nothing more than a blatant attempt to obstruct justice.  There is a mechanism for Cohen to challenge the search of his home or business — it’s called a court. https://t.co/YQ4StT1Ks5
Decision by Reddit to expose Russian IRA-controlled accounts and activity on its platform is the right move. The best way Americans can protect themselves in the future is to see how Russians sought to use our own platforms against us to sow discord. https://t.co/m6MHczM94Q
House GOP now pushes a balanced budget amendment after passing a tax cut for the wealthy that created massive new deficits. Their preferred remedy under the amendment? Cuts to Medicare and Social Security. They’re not subtle; they just don’t care. https://t.co/QNOs3HhDn8
The search warrant for Michael Cohen’s office was sought by a US Attorney appointed by the President and approved by a judge. That’s no witch hunt. That’s the rule of law.  As Trump floats firing Mueller, all Members must speak out — or stop feigning devotion to the Constitution. https://t.co/BKInKAlflO
Apparent chemical weapons attack in Douma by Syrian regime against civilians is yet another act of barbarism by Assad, sanctioned by his Russian and Iranian backers.  The UN Security Council must authorize immediate investigation. Those responsible must be tried for war crimes.
Which is worse? A President who tells the public things he knows to be patently false? Or a President who cannot tell fact from fiction and believes his own conspiracy theories? Either way, his bogus claim of voter fraud is repugnant. https://t.co/Uj8cSAwoUx
Another day, another terrible decision for the environment. Under Pruitt's leadership, Trump's EPA has gone to great lengths to rollback progress in the fight against climate change. Eliminating these fuel economy targets will undermine years of progress. https://t.co/HuQMG2vOoo
Local news stations now required by Sinclair Broadcasting to parrot the talking points of the President, moving America one step closer to its own version of state run media. And another freedom is assailed under this Administration. https://t.co/LwBnqdhM3b
It’s not easy to stand out in the Trump cabinet for retrograde policies and ethical lapses, but credit to Scott Pruitt. He finds a way.  https://t.co/p4EBMZu0yu
To all who are celebrating today, wishing you and your family a very happy Easter!
For a President to float the idea of pardons to people who may incriminate him as a way to dissuade them from cooperating only adds to the evidence of potential obstruction of justice. Actions taken with corrupt intent may be illegal, and are certainly corrosive to our democracy. https://t.co/9MgyO7KFVG
To all who are celebrating the beginning of Passover this evening, Chag Pesach Sameach! Wishing you and your family good health, peace and happiness.
Asking about immigration status is a transparent attempt to discourage immigrants from responding, and reduce representation in states with large immigrant populations.   This violates the Constitution and the government’s responsibility to conduct an accurate census. https://t.co/CoTVlXwhk8
Some advice: If you find yourself in the position of attacking the motives of students who survived a massacre weeks ago and are speaking out to save others, you should stop. You discredit no one but yourselves. https://t.co/997wUbE4P2
We march for those lost to gun violence. We march in solidarity with survivors across the country. We march for those in our schools and those not yet old enough to attend. Marching together, our voices rising together, we can be the change we need. #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/4fqnVWuhZq
This will do nothing to make us safer and unfairly bars transgender Americans from serving their nation. There’s no more justification for this discriminatory and hateful policy today than there was when the President first pronounced it on Twitter last year. #ProtectTransTroops https://t.co/yHJxxNlGgJ
It’s hard to escape the disquieting conclusion that the mass exodus of the “adults” from this Administration is putting our nation’s security at risk. Ambassador Bolton’s hawkish and conspiratorial thinking will only make matters dangerously worse.
House Intel Republicans just voted to release their partisan report. Russian interference was successful because the beneficiary of their help has refused to condemn it.    The lack of a serious investigation by the GOP is an invitation to the Russians to do it again.
Bush, Obama and Clinton may lack your “smarts,” but they didn’t need their staff to tell them DO NOT CONGRATULATE a man who helps North Korea evade sanctions, props up a murderer in Syria, invades his neighbors, and who just used nerve agent in Britain. https://t.co/PIyrthKydu
The President calls Putin — not to condemn him for using a nerve agent in Britain or interfering in our election — but to congratulate him on winning an election in which his top opponent was prohibited from running. No way to lead the free world. https://t.co/vx1wBwJKDO
Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee protected President Trump at the cost of conducting a serious investigation. We must release the entire body of witness transcripts so the public can see the facts for themselves. https://t.co/O0phsMTGG7
Glad to see Cambridge Analytica whistleblower is willing to testify. Recent revelations about Erik Prince, Roger Stone and Cambridge Analytica illustrate how GOP decision to shut down their investigation abdicated their oversight responsibilities to country. But our work goes on. https://t.co/lLPhzFzdzF
The President just brought on another lawyer, Joe diGenova, who had been auditioning on Fox News by peddling the conspiracy theory that a cabal at the FBI framed @POTUS.  Just what the White House needs: another big dose of unreality.
The bombings that have terrorized Austin residents, killing two and injuring others, are horrific. The Federal government must provide all appropriate assistance to bring the perpetrators to justice before there are more victims.
To my House and Senate colleagues:  If the President causes a constitutional crisis by firing Mueller, no one can credibly claim that they could not see it coming. The time to speak out, to defend our system of checks and balances, is now.
It’s easy to get 73% of the vote when you bar your "opponents" from running. After extolling life tenure for China’s Xi, will our President now congratulate Putin on his successful elimination of democratic opposition?
No way yet to evaluate the rush to fire Andrew McCabe, but each FBI official who corroborates Comey on the issue of potential obstruction has been targeted by Trump and his allies in Congress — McCabe is only the latest example. This is no coincidence. https://t.co/EmktUPxWhT
Trump’s call, through his lawyer, to shut down Mueller comes after news he is probing ties between Trump’s business and the Russians.   Democrats and Republicans must speak out NOW against firing Mueller and FOR an independent counsel law - not wait for a constitutional crisis. https://t.co/1RWc1Yb9mJ
You seem to have forgotten, Mr. President, that there is at least one very notable Republican on Mueller’s team — Mueller. And his boss, Rod Rosenstein, appointed by Bush. And his boss, Jeff Sessions, also Republican and chosen by ... you. https://t.co/fg4MgQuWD8
Mr. President, the Committee reached no such conclusion — only Republicans. In fact, we did find evidence of collusion, despite GOP members being more interested in protecting you than learning the truth. When accusing others of lying, best not to misrepresent facts yourself. https://t.co/fIuKPGyEN1
The President, through his lawyer, called on DOJ to end Mueller probe. Obstruction of justice is no less a threat to our democracy when done in the open than behind closed doors. Every representative should condemn this flagrant abuse of power or stop pretending devotion to duty. https://t.co/YtwUXeOW23
In the absence of the IG report, it’s impossible to evaluate the merits of this harsh treatment of a 21-year FBI professional. That it comes after the President urged the DOJ to deprive McCabe of his pension, and after his testimony, gives the action an odious taint. https://t.co/rpZqqxFp4u
Treasury will finally punish Russian individuals who, for the most part, were already indicted or subject to sanctions. This from the President who said he was tougher on Russia than Obama. These sanctions will send a message to Russia, just not the one we want to send.
Trump refuses to personally condemn Russia over the poisoning of individuals in Britain. Had a Russian nerve agent been used on someone in our country, could we count on on our President to speak out then? What would it take?
Today, students all over the country, including my son, walked out of their schools demanding lawmakers support gun safety measures like universal background checks, age requirements and an assault weapons ban.  I hear you. I am with you. I will be with you every step of the way. https://t.co/zgAVvfdkl9
Peter was wrong: Managers do not rise to the level of their incompetence, not in this Administration.   Rick Perry may be leaving the Energy Department, an agency he wanted to abolish and didn’t understand, only to lead Veterans Affairs. “Oops” doesn’t begin to cover it.
Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee just released a status report to share with the American people the work left undone in the Russia investigation when the Majority decided to shut it down.   Our work will continue — there’s a lot left to do: https://t.co/N1ixXllC1D
Welcome to CA, @POTUS, where we celebrate diversity, innovation &amp; activism. We believe in climate change, DREAMers, and healthcare for all. We understand you...don't.  When you attack our state, we harden our resolve. We'll continue to build futures, while you try to build walls. https://t.co/VA9OsSAxaE
The White House staff member fired for potential involvement in serious financial crimes was immediately hired for the President’s 2020 re-election campaign. Apparently, they needed someone to step in where Manafort left off. https://t.co/DXaQvmgNs0
This was not the finding of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. President, but only a statement by its GOP members, who lack the courage to stand up to a President of their own party when the national interest necessitates it. https://t.co/ZC1T5BUKS1
BREAKING: GOP just shut down House Intel investigation, leaving questions unanswered, leads unexplored, countless witnesses uncalled, subpoenas unissued.  If Russians have leverage over the President, GOP has decided that it would rather not know. The minority's work continues: https://t.co/oOf13n75Vo
Actually, Mr. President, there’s overwhelming political support for gun safety reform, including age limits, universal background checks, and an assault weapon ban. Like you said, too many Republicans are scared of the NRA — including, plainly, you. https://t.co/50k4vg7kWh
One of the most pernicious problems on social media is the rapid spread of misinformation, often posted by fraudulent accounts that are meant to deliberately mislead.   No, I didn’t tweet this, and I spell my name “Adam,” not “Adum.” https://t.co/CxG5x0TwDp
In meeting Kim Jong Un to discuss denuclearization, the President will need to rely on more than his own estimation of his skills as a “deal maker.” Given the high stakes, clear-eyed diplomacy and preparation will be vital. My statement: https://t.co/c8MmguNRlG
What a waste. Just think how many dining sets you could have bought or private jets you could have chartered with that money. https://t.co/tUgg9BbcHi
These two reports should be viewed together:  —Trump instructed McGahn to falsely claim President never ordered Mueller fired  —Trump helped craft the false statement about the meeting in Trump Tower  If true, both actions shed light on the issue of obstruction &amp; corrupt intent.
We'll need to interview George Nader &amp; receive further testimony and documents from Erik Prince. Prince’s testimony is inconsistent with reports that the Seychelles meeting was part of an effort to set up a backchannel to Russia. It'd be negligent of us not to find out the truth.
First, the President and Attorney General Sessions supported state efforts to disenfranchise minority voters.   Now, they sue California to stop us from protecting vulnerable immigrant families.   Justice may be blind, but the rest of us see a deeply distributing pattern.
It's been difficult to find good news this past year. But word that North Korea may enter negotiations towards denuclearization is a rare bright spot.   Given their track record, we need to approach talks with eyes wide open, but even the possibility is a positive step forward. https://t.co/o2aB2AYHk1
No cabinet meeting devoted to protecting 2018 elections from foreign interference. Bipartisan sanctions to punish and deter Russian meddling sitting in your desk drawer for months. $120 million allocated by Congress to fight Russian propaganda unspent. This is dereliction of duty
No, Mr. President. The FBI investigation began when it was discovered that the Russians had secret discussions with your foreign policy advisor about dissemination of stolen Clinton emails.  And how can you criticize Obama for not doing more, when you do absolutely nothing? https://t.co/q93F3FM69Q
No, we won’t entertain a “President for Life.” We won’t pull the license of TV stations we don’t like. We won’t jail our political opponents.   We are the United States of America, and we cherish our democracy. https://t.co/XRXHOnPKgA
Jared making deals in the White House. Trump signing tax cuts for real estate developers. The first family is not draining the swamp, they’re licensing it, and branding it with great big gold letters.
Let’s face it, if reports are true that Kushner discussed setting up a secret back channel out of Russian facilities, there is no way he could get even a low level clearance. Unless of course, he was the President's son-in-law.
More important question: Why is the AG asking for a FISA investigation at all? DOJ and FBI already said the Nunes memo was inaccurate, misleading and extraordinarily reckless. With no evidence of abuse, only explanation is political pressure. https://t.co/4zz9HcwrY5
Here’s my record — and I’m damn proud of it:  Lifetime NRA rating: F  Donations from NRA: $0
Not surprised the White House tried to bury our memo, or that the President would feel the need to go on Fox to explain why two of his foreign policy advisors were having secret discussions with the Russians. Hard to claim “vindication” with these facts. https://t.co/Jnlf9ynXE7
Wait a minute, Mr. President. Am I a phony, or sleazy, a monster or little?  Surely you know the key to a good playground nickname is consistency. I thought you were supposed to be good at this. https://t.co/v44q2CTFxX
Wrong again, Mr. President. It confirms the FBI acted appropriately and that Russian agents approached two of your advisors, and informed your campaign that Russia was prepared to help you by disseminating stolen Clinton emails. https://t.co/G128SNicdn
Some time ago, Republicans on our committee released a declassified memo that omitted and distorted key facts in order to mislead the public and impugn the integrity of the FBI.   We can now tell you what they left out: https://t.co/jeVCVTBUBZ
The School Resource Officer in Parkland who stood outside while a mass shooting took place was suspended and resigned. Why should any Member of Congress who stands inside the Capitol and refuses to protect our kids keep their job?
Our relationship with Turkey has been tested by its denial of genocide, serious strategic differences and increasingly authoritarian rule under Erdogan. https://t.co/5iwZkx6zr1
Talk is cheap – there have been a universal background check bill and an assault weapon ban waiting for a vote in Congress. Tell @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr you want them brought up for a vote.   Let’s see who’s really in a mood to do something. https://t.co/fu83lSw90P
An earthquake early warning system will save lives, property and critical infrastructure — yet, @POTUS has once again tried to eliminate its funding in his budget.   We’ll work to restore this vital investment in our safety on a bipartisan basis: https://t.co/uHLDEU2Lyg
If by “tough”, you mean praising Putin, denying Russian involvement in our election, and refusing to impose the sanctions Congress passed, then you are one tough customer. Otherwise, the word you are looking for is “weak.” https://t.co/YBQQh5KKxc
Sorry for delay @POTUS. Was on a plane back from Munich where General McMaster confronted Russia over its meddling.  I’ve always said Obama should’ve acted sooner. But you won’t recognize the truth, impose sanctions or act at all. If McMaster can stand up to Putin, why can’t you? https://t.co/ixjsjMJSVJ
To those who have been wondering how “collusion” might be charged, the Special Counsel has now given us a good indication:    https://t.co/crQ7QTLHm9 https://t.co/Rv5451NyTy
No, Mr. President. The Special Counsel’s indictment states no conclusion on issue of collusion or electoral impact of Russian interference on the election. The former is under investigation and latter is beyond their scope. https://t.co/AMktnbeQrk
Mueller's indictment reaffirms what the Intelligence Community concluded, what our investigation has borne out, and what President Trump denies — that Russia interfered in our election in an effort to assist his presidential campaign. https://t.co/iXvkLjcWvW
Yesterday, Steve Bannon refused to answer all but 25 questions concerning his time after the campaign, and all those questions were “helpfully” written for him by the White House.   This is not executive privilege, this is stonewalling. He must be held in contempt.
With the failure to pass an immigration bill in the Senate today, and time running out before the President starts deporting DREAMers next month, it’s time for @SpeakerRyan to allow a vote on the Dream Act.
No, Mr. Vice President, that’s false. The Intelligence Community reached no conclusion as to whether Russia’s actions had a determinative effect on the election’s outcome. For you and the President to continue saying it did, gravely misrepresents their work. https://t.co/xa5MA2GOPA
My heart is broken again — this time for the victims of the Parkland school shooting, and the families whose children will not come home today. It is within the power of Congress to save lives, if we find the courage to act.
Last year, @TimKaine and I wrote to @POTUS to request the legal justification for the strike in Syria in April 2017. He never responded.  Now we’ve learned there’s a memo explaining legal basis. The Congress and American people deserve to see it.  https://t.co/cIBM2yT4B2
Yet another backward and discriminatory step by the Admin as @usedgov abdicates its duty to uphold civil rights for all students. Trans students are highly vulnerable, and their rights must be protected. https://t.co/q3Auks3ZVw
The failure to fire Rob Porter earlier and the constant churn within the White House are indicative of a central moral failing, and a conundrum facing all of the President’s staff — how do you ethically serve a deeply unethical man?
The hypocrisy of President Trump’s decision to block release of the Democratic memo reaches out and grabs you by the throat. This is a president who puts his own personal interest above all else. https://t.co/NWE1amztsW
Mr. President, what you call “political” are actually called facts, and your concern for sources and methods would be more convincing if you hadn’t decided to release the GOP memo (“100%”) before reading it and over the objections of the FBI. https://t.co/L48kAQOztL
After ignoring urging of FBI &amp; DOJ not to release misleading Nunes memo because it omits material facts, @POTUS now expresses concerns over sharing precisely those facts with public and seeks to send it back to the same Majority that produced the flawed Nunes memo to begin with: https://t.co/qNVyS99eXs
In the dark of night, the House took up a last minute short-term government funding bill. I voted NO because it was a poor deal for DREAMers, for pensioners, and for all Americans.  Here’s why:   https://t.co/HEHoSBOo5m https://t.co/evNqvWkFQg
Have you seen the new GOP hashtag? It's quite a doozy:   ReleaseTheMemoNoNotThatMemoInTheInterestofFullTransparencyNotThatMuchTransparencyWhatDoWeDoLetsHaveAParade
Mr. President, I see you’ve had a busy morning of “Executive Time.” Instead of tweeting false smears, the American people would appreciate it if you turned off the TV and helped solve the funding crisis, protected Dreamers or...really anything else. https://t.co/lVqQRu2Gjl
If the memo was really about oversight, committee members would want to read the underlying documents and bring in the FBI. Republicans voted against both.   The interest was not oversight, it was a political hit job on the FBI in the service of the President: https://t.co/LJD3qLGPw6
Even the misleading memo by Republicans demonstrates that the origin of this investigation involved Papadopoulos not Page, and involved collusion with the Russians: https://t.co/E2LainMNIk
Quite the opposite, Mr. President. The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor, Papadopoulos, who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians. https://t.co/2rGOE1jGg2
The President’s decision to publicly release a misleading memo attacking DOJ &amp; FBI is a transparent attempt to discredit these institutions and undermine Mueller’s probe.  We'll fight to release our classified response. Until then here's a glimpse at what's wrong with their memo: https://t.co/HX0J6UtDLY
No, Mr. President it’s worse than that. The country’s top elected leader has agreed to selectively and misleadingly release classified info to attack the FBI — that’s what would have been unthinkable a short time ago. https://t.co/yGMJ1Jwj5B
I’m horrified and heartbroken to hear of yet another school shooting - this one close to home at Sal Castro Middle School in Los Angeles. Thinking of the victims and their families. I’m determined as ever to fight for gun safety legislation to protect our schools and communities.
Why are the President’s false claims about ratings and audience size suddenly making me feel nostalgic for a simpler time? #ComeBackSeanSpicer https://t.co/4AmpTh4Q4v
BREAKING: Discovered late tonight that Chairman Nunes made material changes to the memo he sent to White House – changes not approved by the Committee. White House therefore reviewing a document the Committee has not approved for release. https://t.co/llhQK9L7l6
The decision by Nunes to employ an obscure rule to release classified information for partisan political purposes crossed a dangerous line, and increases the risk of a constitutional crisis and another Saturday Night Massacre.  My oped on Washington Post: https://t.co/g6FQkPAobZ
My thoughts are with my Republican colleagues – I’m relieved to hear there were no serious injuries among Members, their families or staff. I’m deeply saddened to hear about the loss of life of one of the people in the vehicle.
The FBI confirms that the memo contains “material omissions of fact” that “fundamentally impact” its accuracy. Nunes used this memo to mislead the House. Will the President now use it to mislead the country? https://t.co/J7LNg47p9f
In case you were wondering how seriously the President is taking the security review of the Nunes memo, @POTUS said he was 100% certain he would release it — even though the WH said he hadn’t read it. https://t.co/tPnb9d6Pcy
Tonight, the President showered law enforcement with praise, even as he and his congressional allies launch an all out attack on the FBI, the preeminent federal law enforcement agency. #SOTU
Why is that whenever the President speaks of immigration it always seems to be in the context of gang members and murderers? There were dozens of DREAMers at the #SOTU tonight who could teach him a lot about immigrants.
Committee Republicans JUST voted to declassify their spin "memo" and prohibit release of the Democratic response in what they claimed was “the interests of full transparency.” It was transparent alright – transparently cynical and destructive.
The same President who excoriated Clinton after FBI found her handling of classified info extremely careless, now urges release of classified info that DOJ has called “extraordinarily reckless.” He’s consistent — consistently self-serving.
It comes as no surprise that @POTUS would place his own interests ahead of the country. But it is tragic that so many Republican Members of Congress would choose to help him do so. https://t.co/VFjwKGfVt6
We remember the six million Jewish men, women and children who were massacred by the Nazis and the many other millions of innocent victims who perished during the Holocaust. We renew our pledge to never forget and to never again let such atrocities occur. #HolocaustRemembranceDay
Community health centers are a lifeline for so many patients in California and throughout the country.  Republicans have no excuse for leaving this crucial funding out of their spending bill — or for letting it expire in the first place. https://t.co/bujxMy4JiI
Trump goes to Davos, having insulted many of the world leaders there, to tell them to put “America First.” Apparently this is the difference between a really smart diplomatic strategy and one that is only “like, really smart.”
Mueller subpoenas Bannon,  Nunes produces spin memo;   Mueller interviews Sessions,  Johnson claims secret society in FBI;    Mueller calls in the President, then what does GOP do...
I just voted NO on the three week government funding bill. Doesn’t protect DREAMers. Doesn’t provide longterm funding for the military. Doesn’t make sense.
When you’re the President and your party controls both Houses, only the most minimal level of competence is needed to keep the government open. #TrumpShutdown
Donald Trump ran for President as the great “negotiator.” Well, he negotiated his way into a completely unnecessary shutdown on the one year anniversary of his inauguration.  Time to make a deal to protect Dreamers and CHIP, Mr. President.
I voted NO on GOP spending bill because it didn’t protect DREAMers.  No one wants a shutdown – we need a bipartisan compromise that both funds #CHIP &amp; protects DREAMers.
Yesterday, Senator Jeff Flake gave one of the most important speeches in Congress in over a decade, and highlighted the destructive nature of the President’s assault on our free press.  Please watch: https://t.co/klKXfhFxpx
The House Intelligence Committee just released Glenn Simpson’s testimony as part of our Russia investigation. Simpson raises numerous questions on money laundering the Committee must investigate.  Read his testimony for yourself: https://t.co/Vr99VCYQFM
What passes for logic in the Oval Office:   Republicans control the Senate. Republicans control the House. Republicans control the White House. Last year, @POTUS tweeted that we need a “good shutdown.”   If government closes, who’s responsible? Democrats!
There is no legal basis in which the White House can instruct witnesses like Steve Bannon to refuse broad categories of questions before our committee. We must insist on answers.
Today we remember Martin Luther King, Jr. and his tireless work for racial and economic equality. We mourn a brilliant life tragically cut short. Dr. King’s legacy as a dreamer is still felt as his powerful words &amp; ideals endure to this day, but his life work is far from complete https://t.co/IG7mmegHY1
Congress must investigate the false ballistic missile alarm in Hawaii. An unforgivable false alarm that took 38 minutes to correct.  https://t.co/9OZfcLzDjZ
1.) You told Dreamers they had nothing to worry about, then ended DACA.  2.) You claim to support protecting them, but you’re using them as leverage for your ridiculous wall.  3.) You rejected a bipartisan deal yesterday.  You’re fooling no one. https://t.co/TIqTkf3fxK
When my ancestors came here, they faced anti-Semitism. Every wave of immigrants have faced discrimination and gone on to contribute so much to our nation. I don’t expect this President to understand that, so rest of us must redouble our efforts to be inclusive, kind and welcoming
Reporting on the ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya is not a crime. Burmese authorities must release Wa Lone &amp; Kyaw Soe Oo. https://t.co/Gu6zGNpNUw
It’s not often you can say this, but it would be better for our national security if the President of the United States watched cartoons every morning. (Or anything, for that matter, other than Fox News.)
My thoughts are with all Californians affected, and my sincere thanks to the brave first responders working tirelessly to keep us safe. The risk of flooding and mudslides may last for days, so stay safe. For weather emergency and evacuation alerts, text READY to 888-777. https://t.co/2BkBjd1EsJ
Very proud of @SenFeinstein for standing up to this President. He can use all the childish nicknames he wants, but it will take a lot more than that to intimidate our Senator. https://t.co/o2B3O8yk5K
Actually, Mr. President, the courts are the only branch of government currently working as it should. The GOP Congress certainly isn’t. And there’s nothing more “broken and unfair” than an executive branch without a good chief executive. https://t.co/QKoVwq7gdk
Dear Secretary Zinke, California like Florida, has hundreds of miles of beautiful coastline and a governor who wants to keep it that way. Or is that not enough for blue states? https://t.co/vQ5Qtl8Xik
.@POTUS is threatening to deport the Dreamers if he doesn’t get $18 billion in taxpayer money for his wall. I’m no genius, but wasn’t Mexico paying for that?
Plainly, we have a very flawed human being in the Oval Office, and the only question is whether those flaws will permeate the whole of government?   It doesn’t take a “stable genius” to see disturbing signs they are: https://t.co/JswBQ8cADh
We will want Mr. Corallo to come before our committee. Given Don Jr.’s refusal to testify about his conversation with his father about the Trump Tower meeting with the Russians, Corallo may shed invaluable insights. https://t.co/uh7E6eZ3G4
In California, we will fight to preserve the beauty of our coasts, the rugged wilderness of our national parks and the quality of our air and water. If you’re not willing to help us, @POTUS, at least stay out of our way. https://t.co/ypWfT6uOhJ
As more states, including California, legalize and regulate marijuana, both for medicinal and recreational use, turning back the clock on federal enforcement is a waste of limited resources. I believe the hands-off policy should be reinstated, by Congressional action if necessary https://t.co/N2cA83k94g
Like all too much of the Administration’s actions to date, this commission was created to validate a deliberate falsehood by the President. That’s why I introduced an amendment last year to end it. Good riddance. https://t.co/zAmToM6NK6
Trump condensed:  My senior policy advisor? I had nothing to do with him. My campaign chairman? Only with me for a short time. My national security advisor? A liar.  My foreign policy advisor? He was just a coffee boy.  Don Jr? Um ... fake news!
Reminder: https://t.co/uHr8bUCmhn
We must trust the professionals at the Justice Department to ignore the President’s taunts, but it is deeply disturbing that he continues to try to interfere with DOJ’s independence in order to punish his political opponents. https://t.co/wc0kldqu4v
Happy New Year! It’s a Pasadena tradition — the Rose Parade!  A special congrats to @TheCityofLCF for winning the Bob Hope Humor Award for their “Panda-Monium” float! https://t.co/DBiinKv3bn
Watching events in Iran with great concern over violence against and arrest of peaceful protestors. We stand with the people in Iran and their right to peacefully assemble, petition their government and choose their leaders in a democratic process free from fraud and interference
Trump: “I have absolute right to do what I want to do with the Justice Department.”   No, you don’t. You can do what you want with your golf courses. But the country and its Justice Department belong to the American people. https://t.co/60DFvIEMjk
Very clever, Mr. President. Although the millions of families recovering from the worst hurricane and fire seasons on record may not appreciate such a fine sense of humor, since climate change may very well have claimed their homes and the lives of loved ones. https://t.co/XWfJ9pJMnk
Here’s hoping that you and your family have a very Merry Christmas! Wishing you all a joyful, peaceful day.
FBI would set a dangerous precedent if it forced out dedicated career public servants in capitulation to Trump and WH pressure. President has already removed one top FBI leader — Comey — over Russia; McCabe would be another. https://t.co/3txhTds3vA
Just opposed the funding bill the House GOP just pushed through Congress. Thousands of DREAMers will lose protections each day we are in recess — it’s unconscionable to leave town without passing the Dream Act.
“So, I told ‘em I’d be paying more in taxes and I threw in a couple ‘believe me’s’ and you know what? They did!  Can you believe it? There’s one born every minute, boys!” https://t.co/XJNBwfSdAD
A very powerful speech yesterday at a rally against the tax cut bill by my former intern and good friend, Ady Barkan, fighting ALS. Have a listen and let me know what you think: https://t.co/JOlpwhfA4j
I just voted NO on the Republican tax plan. Here's why:  I voted no on this bill because, simply put, it overwhelmingly benefits large corporations and families with large incomes and estates, while doing little for most families, especially those in California. https://t.co/lb9Cxt39kq
With the president continuing to claim that the investigations have produced no evidence of collusion, it is worth examining the public record after nine months of work.   Reality diverges sharply from Mr. Trump’s vehement denials.   https://t.co/9trKofzHoN
Make no mistake: After they borrow $1.5 trillion to pass a windfall tax break for corporations and the rich, Trump, Ryan, and McConnell will seek cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to pay it back.
Sending my deepest condolences to the victims and families affected by today’s train derailment in Washington State. Hopefully results of the ongoing investigation will ensure a horrific accident like this never happens again.
Trump just made his most self-serving deal ever – the tax bill. With its decrease in the top rate, its pass through income and estate tax cuts, his family stands to make more money than all of their previous deals combined.
Much of the damage done by the President can be undone, but lifetime appointments to the federal bench for unqualified ideologues will do lasting harm. https://t.co/BgPlittKYs
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS By shutting down the congressional investigations when they continue to discover new and important evidence, the White House can exert tremendous pressure to end or curtail Mueller’s investigation or cast doubt on it. We cannot let that happen.
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS Beyond our investigation, here’s what has me really concerned: The attacks on Mueller, DOJ and FBI this week make it clear they plan to go after Mueller’s investigation.   Aggressively and soon.
The responsibility to conduct a thorough investigation, or to prevent one, ultimately falls on @SpeakerRyan. I’m concerned he's heeding the calls of Bannon and @POTUS to “DO SOMETHING” by closing down the Russia investigation &amp; opening up another investigation of Hilary Clinton.
Despite our repeated urging, Majority has declined to issue subpoenas in numerous avenues of the investigation, where there's simply no other way to get the information. Some refusals we’ve made public, like witnesses hiding behind nonexistent privileges, many others we haven’t.
Next week, they scheduled critical witness interviews out of state, when we are voting on the tax bill and vital government funding bills and no Members will be able to ask questions, in an effort to squeeze them in before end of year.   These witnesses are willing to come to DC.
It appears Republicans want to conduct just enough interviews to give the impression of a serious investigation.
Yet, Republicans have scheduled no witnesses after next Friday and none in 2017. We have dozens of outstanding witnesses on key aspects of our investigation that they refuse to contact and many document requests they continue to sit on.
Since March, our investigation has made important progress. We’ve interviewed numerous key witnesses behind closed doors, held public hearings, reviewed thousands of documents, identified new leads — all to understand and expose Russia's meddling and protect our democracy.
I’m increasingly worried Republicans will shut down the House Intelligence Committee investigation at the end of the month.   Here’s why:
“The president’s daily brief ... is often structured to avoid upsetting him.”  Please tell me they are not referring to our commander in chief, the man that is supposed to be leader of the free world. https://t.co/IaGXH5cbOU
Today’s hearing, in which the President’s allies sought to put Mueller, the FBI and DOJ on trial, again demonstrates that the greatest threat to our democracy is from within.   Russia cannot tear down our institutions — only we can do that. https://t.co/Y36qFzc3Vg
A Hanukkah miracle! From this Jewish lawyer to Roy Moore's — sorry buddy, the good man won.
You bring dignity to the Senate and he brings only shame to the White House with such indecency. Keep up the great work, @SenGillibrand. https://t.co/9j7m1ZgqOp
To all those lighting the menorah’s first candle tonight, Happy Hanukkah from my family to yours! We wish you a peaceful and joyous Festival of Lights.
To those, including our President, who have endorsed an alleged pedophile because he will support a tax cut for the wealthy, should we not ask: “For what shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his soul?”
The President and his allies are making a concerted effort to discredit Mueller, the FBI, the DOJ and judiciary. @POTUS seeks to protect himself by undermining our institutions and tearing at the very idea there is an objective truth: https://t.co/zODM8mH8K0
Here is what we know:  The Russians offered help. The Campaign accepted help. The Russians gave help. The President made full use of that help.  That's pretty damning. https://t.co/kRo9NrdQq4
Sincerest thanks to firefighters who have worked tirelessly to stop the Creek Fire and other blazes around Southern California. Stay safe everyone, and keep our firefighters and those who have lost so much in your prayers. https://t.co/2VIBtS6JI3
There's still time to enroll in health insurance for 2018!   Open enrollment in CA lasts until Jan 31, but you must enroll by December 15 for coverage to begin on January 1.    Visit https://t.co/rqj9YqW8ba to learn more.
So we add a trillion to the debt with a tax cut for the wealthy, then we cut Medicare to pay for it. Wouldn’t it be simpler for seniors to just write a check to the Koch Brothers? https://t.co/nviAEJSntm
If Committee Republicans do not insist on answers concerning the President’s discussions with his son, they will renege on their commitment to follow the facts wherever they lead. https://t.co/D3PD1bxS30
Why character counts:  Obama in Oval Office — Respected. Appealed to best in us. Scandal free.   Trump in Oval Office — Reviled. Divides us. Associates charged. A pedophile endorsed.
Today, I voted NO on the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. Unfortunately, House Republicans were able to pass this gift to the gun lobby – but you can still stop it.   Call your Senators at (202) 224-3121 and tell them to vote NO on this dangerous bill.
🚨 EVACUATION ALERT in effect in parts of #CA28. If ordered to leave, please do so immediately. Follow @LAFD @LAPDHQ @ReadyLA @NotifyLA for updates.   Sign up for emergency alerts → https://t.co/bdX8sPJsxM   Stay informed → https://t.co/jvBhddgmWy &amp; https://t.co/l0cgVzuQgI
SCOTUS heard the Masterpiece Cakeshop case today. This isn’t about cake—it’s about discrimination.   Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is every bit as wrong as discrimination based on race or ethnicity or religion. Equality under the law means just that. https://t.co/0QAJ37f5fk
Sending strength and prayers to first responders battling fast-moving wildfires in Southern California and those residents affected, including those in Kagel Canyon.  Follow here for fire updates and evacuation information:  https://t.co/2jwpygE9XI
Ivanka: “There’s a special place in hell for people who prey on children.”   @POTUS: It’s called the Senate GOP Conference.
Reporting on poor governance and environmental disasters is not a crime. Quynh must be released immediately. #PressFreedom https://t.co/ASYSKXDoUF
Just because the President has the power to fire someone — or express his views on their performance — doesn’t mean he can fire them for an illicit reason. A president is not above the law. https://t.co/NsPOWDnH7M
Given the limited scope of the charges Flynn pled to, Mueller must have concluded that his cooperation and potential testimony against others was of greater value. https://t.co/inTRfUaZKp
If that is true, Mr. President, why did you wait so long to fire Flynn? Why did you fail to act until his lies were publicly exposed? And why did you pressure Director Comey to “let this go?” https://t.co/Ea4kOBpWPv
The GOP tax plan is a travesty. Up to 40% of Americans may get a tax increase, to fund a giveaway to the wealthy. More $ for Trump’s family, less for yours.
Yes, Mr. President, you have made America so respected that our staunchest ally, Britain, may need to withdraw its invitation for your visit. https://t.co/DGoaGkO1PP
The White House today sought to diminish the significance of Flynn’s plea, saying he told same lies to them and no one else was implicated. But Flynn’s statement says otherwise: https://t.co/p7PGIikKR1
The guilty plea by Michael Flynn for lying to federal agents about his contacts with the Russians is another shocking development.   That he admits senior transition officials were knowing of these contacts, and therefore his subsequent lies, may be even more consequential: https://t.co/jWIT5ngBMR
Latest reason why Donald Trump is the worst president in modern history: he propagates hate speech against Muslims to millions of Americans. (Part of a continuing series)
House just passed a bill I co-sponsored requiring Members of Congress and staff to complete training on sexual harassment, workplace rights, and responsibilities.    This is an important first step — Congress must do more to prevent sexual harassment and protect victim rights.
Hate crimes are on the rise, so what does @POTUS do? Spends the morning stoking fear of Muslims with videos from a hate group. America is better than this, even if our President is not. https://t.co/FGm0Pcthq3
Lost in the sea of falsehoods and errant tweets, is the deep damage being done at the Justice Department, where the rule of law is threatened along with the Department's independence. https://t.co/bTjw0Uc3Dg
In two weeks, the FCC plans to vote to eliminate #NetNeutrality protections that keep the internet free, fair and open.  Call your Senators and Representatives. Tell them to support net neutrality:  202-224-3121 https://t.co/SNBLTlFh1P
Eliminating tax break for teachers buying classroom supplies: $250 per teacher.    Eliminating tax tuition waivers for grad students: Thousands in increased taxes.   Money Betsy DeVos stands to save in tax bill: Priceless.  (Actually, it’s MANY millions.)
Your campaign manger indicted, foreign policy advisor (“excellent guy”) pled guilty, and national security advisor fired for lying. More than any other 10-month President, true! https://t.co/MGUcD1jA51
Hope reports U.S. is cutting off assistance to Syrian Kurds — so pivotal in fighting ISIS — are mistaken, and Trump Admin wouldn’t betray them to placate Turkey.   https://t.co/yT1W4Ly321
Everything under previous Admin was a disaster. Obama was smart, scandal-free, and restored our economy. Total disaster. I won’t be anything like him. https://t.co/y2DASEF48I
Children’s health clinics are shutting down after congressional Republicans allowed CHIP to expire. 9 million kids at risk. But GOP still has time for corporate tax cuts. Nice priorities.   https://t.co/5PZzLeqj1s
Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours!   This year might have been rough, but we can all be thankful for our friends and family, among our many blessings. What else are you thankful for this year?
Despite huge public opposition, Trump’s FCC chair is pushing forward to repeal #NetNeutrality rules. We need to keep a free and open internet.
The President would have left American students in a foreign jail because their families didn’t lavish sufficient praise on him. How can someone in such a big office be so small? https://t.co/g3oa0o9aBU
Thank you again, Mr. President, for showing such maturity and magnanimity. Your words demonstrate why, as you say, America has never been respected like this before. https://t.co/kHThxYutHm
Call your Senators. Tell them to vote NO on the Senate GOP tax plan.   Here's why: It's a massive tax cut for the wealthy and big corporations, paid for by cutting healthcare for millions, and raising taxes on students and homeowners.  202-224-3121
I just voted NO on the Republican tax plan. Here's why: https://t.co/qdSquznUYK
Why are we fighting massive tax cuts for millionaires, paid for by tax increases on students, teachers, and homeowners, and healthcare cuts for 13 million? Basic fairness, I suppose. https://t.co/aARejaoh9m
GOP found a new way to pay for billions in tax cuts for the wealthy — bring back TrumpCare. Now they’ll pay for a tax cut for millionaires by taking away healthcare from millions of Americans. What a “deal.” https://t.co/8rfZbmshrm
The war in Yemen has caused unimaginable human suffering, and millions are now on the brink of famine. Only a political solution can bring it to an end. https://t.co/bx4WKmxr7E
If the AG bends to pressure from President Trump and his allies, and appoints a special counsel to investigate Trump’s vanquished rival, it could spell the end of the DOJ as an independent institution. https://t.co/RkcL9Rsf8t
If true, these messages represent more secret communications between the Trump campaign and cut-outs for the Kremlin, along with Roger Stone and Cambridge Analytica. It also demonstrates again a willingness by the highest levels of the Trump campaign to accept foreign assistance. https://t.co/58ezBDPZ71
As a candidate, @POTUS said that not paying taxes made him “smart.” Guess he figures that pushing a tax cut saving him billions would also be “smart.” And if we go along with it, what does that make us?
We owe those who served our country a debt that can never be repaid. Today we honor all of them. Thank you for your service. #VeteransDay https://t.co/mZOxRjPlME
“[Putin] said he didn't meddle. I asked him again. You can only ask so many times. And I believe... I think he is very insulted by it.”   You know who else is insulted by it, Mr. President? The American people. You believe a foreign adversary over your own intelligence agencies. https://t.co/lZkQAch7CT
We want American technology companies to thrive. We also need their help with the Russia investigation.   My op-ed for the @sacbee_news: https://t.co/ZxQWgngocr
The Foreign Service is as integral to stability and security as the military. By hollowing out the State Dept, Trump is doing lasting damage https://t.co/jtDviHSlT6
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS There is absolutely no doubt: President Trump is the worst president in modern history. And each day, he works on eliminating "modern" from that description.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS I haven't even gotten to the President's foreign policy. Cozying up to dictators, threatening war via tweet, hollowing out our State Department...
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Without checking with the Pentagon, @POTUS banned trans soldiers from serving our country. It was ugly, wrong, and unconstitutional.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump has repeatedly tried to intervene in our justice system, and denigrated judges who rule against him as illegitimate or “so-called” judges.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump refuses to acknowledge Russia’s attack on our democracy, and fired FBI Director James Comey because of "this Russia thing."
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump said he would discontinue payments to health insurance companies, raising rates for consumers, actively undermining the Affordable Care Act.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS .@POTUS withdrew from the Paris Accords, forever damaging our planet and our standing in the world. Climate change is real, and we must act.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS After the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, @POTUS found fault on "many sides." There were not "many sides," just right and wrong.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump unilaterally rescinded #DACA without any replacement. Hundreds of thousands of DREAMers stand to lose everything. He doesn't care.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Then @POTUS Trump demonized a free &amp; fair press, laying groundwork to discredit any negative stories. He even threatened network licenses.
@realDonaldTrump In his first week of office, @POTUS signed the #MuslimBan, banning people from entering our country based on their faith.
@realDonaldTrump Almost immediately after the election, the President-elect falsely claimed to have won the popular vote and said that millions of illegal immigrants voted.
One year ago, @realDonaldTrump was elected President. Since then, he has repeatedly shown why he is the worst president in modern history.  Here's how:
Happening now: watch my interview with @AP Bureau Chief @jpaceDC.  I'm taking your questions live: https://t.co/VU0v95JMmv
Enrollment for health insurance is open. Sign up and tell your friends and family: https://t.co/rqj9YqW8ba  Everyone needs to #GetCovered!
Trump Admin slashed health care marketing budget &amp; reduced enrollment period, so it’s up to us to share how to get health insurance: https://t.co/gOSvAJ6gvl
A horrific day in America. Innocent men, women and children slaughtered in a sacred place. Together we mourn. We must take action. https://t.co/OxsfwwcAUo
GOP tax plan promises hundreds of millions in tax relief for families.   Well, actually, for just one family. The Trumps.
What kind of president calls our justice system a joke and laughing stock, with “so-called” judges? The worst President in modern history.
Article III courts have convicted 600+ terrorists since 9/11.   Military commissions at GTMO have convicted 3.   Let’s go with what works. https://t.co/w5zvThOkac
Russian social media campaign sought to hurt Clinton, help Trump &amp; sow discord. All ads must be released.  A sample: https://t.co/7Ww2qy96qJ https://t.co/DfD65uzkQ1
My thoughts are with victims of the awful terror attack in New York City and their families. Absolutely horrifying.
Just briefed on terror attack in NYC, which bears hallmarks of ISIS inspiration. With Raqqa’s fall, ISIS emphasizes attacks like this. https://t.co/FklfqXPLvV
With respect, Mr. President, not sure we can rely on Mr. Manafort’s lawyer to tell us whether there was collusion, as unbiased as he may be. https://t.co/Iy9rJGaoiF
Today’s indictments of Manafort and Gates, and Papadopoulos’ guilty plea are key developments in Russia probe.  Here’s why: https://t.co/ELNg3LPoe3
Trump campaign was notified Russians had stolen emails as early as April 2016. May explain why they were eager to take Trump Tower meeting.
We've seen a disturbing pattern of political intervention by White House at DOJ, taking apart our system of checks &amp; balances brick by brick https://t.co/JEX5RXzdXJ
Translation: The Special Counsel may have just indicted someone close to me. HELP! Republicans in Congress DO SOMETHING! https://t.co/tV9utomgH8
“This President wants all federal agencies to ...be transparent with public." What about White House visitor logs? Uh, not that transparent. https://t.co/VxTZ71l618
Mr. President, the Special Counsel and the Congress have come to no conclusions yet. We will let you know when we do. https://t.co/BHYLp3TfBE
If President personally intervened w DOJ to advance case against political opponent it’s beyond disturbing; I intend to pursue in new probe. https://t.co/2ccA6B3yGj
House GOP just announced a new investigation into Whitewater, citing new leads. Can’t tell if this is a joke? It is, but that’s the problem.
A welcome step. Serving as a platform for free expression doesn’t require assisting foreign powers in their efforts to push propaganda. https://t.co/zEczAVo7Cq
My meeting with the Republican Senators was a love fest. Not since Caesar met with his Senate have things gone so smoothly. Believe me. https://t.co/72jfmQteTO
After biggest financial meltdown since the Great Depression, what reform does GOP propose? Make it more difficult to hold banks accountable. https://t.co/Af9datPrPJ
Why not investigate “Uranium One?” If Benghazi probe demonstrated anything, it proved you can’t conduct a good investigation in bad faith.
History will be kind to @JeffFlake, even while it excoriates those in his party enabling Trump to tear apart our country &amp; its institutions.
GOP and Trump have one rule: when all else fails, investigate a Clinton. A coordinated distraction from the Russian role in our election. https://t.co/EmrsCtAx1k
3 weeks ago we suffered worst ever US mass shooting aided by bump stocks to allow auto fire. @SpeakerRyan when will you allow a vote to ban?
Not surprised Putin again attacked Bill Browder, who exposed Russian corruption, but it would be outrageous if US acceded to Kremlin demands https://t.co/YiaLM5YCBU
To pay for a gigantic corporate tax cut, the GOP is going after retirement accounts. Some "reform." https://t.co/SvQaIkEs96
Please tell us you understand the difference between a free press and Russia’s covert effort to interfere in our democracy on your behalf. https://t.co/gqgmdynZwE
.@POTUS, does this mean Ted Cruz’s father will be exposed? https://t.co/RGbozDUgOR
One day at a time, one brick at a time, Trump dismantles our system of checks and balances while a cowed GOP watches on, horrified but mute. https://t.co/qB1ZvyJ5F8
Intel Community never said Russia failed to affect outcome. @POTUS clearly believed stolen documents influenced voters — he cited them daily https://t.co/LMmxevYty8
Just introduced the Rim of the Valley Preservation Act to protect 191k acres of open space. Read more here: https://t.co/nkxpnAxyP7 https://t.co/aRwS477n0z
Thanks to @SenAlexander &amp; @PattyMurray for their bipartisan work to stabilize insurance markets. Congress needs to take up and swiftly pass. https://t.co/zXwIAWr9Xl
Nice try, Mr. President. But you’re in charge now. The buck stops with you. Break the ACA by sabotaging it, and you’ll be held accountable. https://t.co/aLWx0jDnuQ
The fall of Raqqa as capital of ISIS’ caliphate is a significant milestone. Our thanks to the American forces who played such a vital role. https://t.co/f8f5uxV2hm
Ten years into Al Shabaab insurgency, deadliest blast in Solmali history kills 300+ people, death toll expected to rise. What a horror. https://t.co/nRSbMTlFIt
How can I live with myself if I oppose deficit-financed tax cuts that stiff the middle class? Quite well. Better question: How can the GOP? https://t.co/afpmlmUvzp
Concerned by tension between Iraqi army and Kurdish Peshmerga over independence referendum. US must mediate. Could undermine war on ISIS.
Tillerson says they don’t want Iran to become next North Korea. Don’t they understand that without #IranDeal that’s precisely what happens? https://t.co/xtRmUamla5
The White House is trying to rush the Russia probes. We can’t let that happen. My op-ed in today’s @washingtonpost: https://t.co/qfgz8a16RR
Only under Trump would the U.S., not its enemies, be considered a country that does not keep its promises. My full statement on #IranDeal → https://t.co/2YtwPgL3fr
Backing out of the Paris Accord, alienating our allies, decertifying the Iran deal — all part of the new Trump doctrine: Lead from behind.
Latest reason why President Trump is the worst President in modern history: Deliberately undermining people’s health care out of spite. https://t.co/mh9JXLYJp7
.@SpeakerRyan: "I’m a constitutional conservative, in that I conserve my support for the Constitution when challenged or inconvenient." https://t.co/NUh6OcLwwl
Journalism is not a crime and Ayla Albayrak's conviction must be reversed.  We need more coverage of human rights abuses in Turkey not less. https://t.co/TF1jlwJNhl
At what point are we going to silence media critical of the President? When we cease to have a First Amendment and a democratic government. https://t.co/w0ljOUkM7u
Trump repeals more of Obama’s legacy – responsible stewardship of the planet – and in so doing establishes his own legacy, literally of ash. https://t.co/sLFXEr8IJR
I represent Hollywood. Should go without saying, but abuse, assault and harassment of women is intolerable. By Weinstein, Trump or anyone.
Sending strength and safe wishes to CA Wine Country where residents and first responders battle wild fires' rapid &amp; devastating destruction. https://t.co/tjXljB2S8h
White House wish list of anti-immigrant measures isn’t beginning of good faith negotiation, but may be end of hope @POTUS will keep his word https://t.co/DWVcvdstcN
After all the scandals involving unnecessarily expensive travel by cabinet secretaries, how much taxpayer money was wasted on this stunt? https://t.co/R4SFCTCMUJ
Last thing I would want is to “makings fools” of our negotiators. But idea that North Korea can only be solved militarily invites disaster. https://t.co/J05htWowfH
AG Sessions is rolling back years of progress on transgender rights. Once again, he puts the Justice Dept on the side of discrimination. https://t.co/EHUAdqi9X3
.@POTUS: "I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you’ve thrown our budget a little out of whack. Fore!” https://t.co/zIOotgRTcK
@NRA A liquor store cannot negligently sell alcohol to minors. Why should gun dealer not have to exercise the same standard of care? #RepealPLCAA
At urging of @NRA, Congress gave the gun industry an immunity from liability no other product enjoys. The bill I’m introducing repeals that: https://t.co/TJk2l6s6Ea
Mr. President, you keep using that word, “fake.” I do not think it means what you think it means. -Inigo Montoya https://t.co/l72cLd3QdI
Trump: I want to thank Puerto Rican officials for the herculean effort they've made to think of something, anything positive to say about me https://t.co/TNUg7Hsznm
After Las Vegas, all of us in Congress must do more than mourn the dead. We must fight to save the living.  https://t.co/qzhxCaZky2
To protect the public, American people deserve to see @facebook ads, and how Russian intel services used social media to divide our country. https://t.co/Dbp2MYlfrb
IMPORTANT:  If your DACA status expires prior to March 5, 2018, you MUST submit your application for renewal ASAP - deadline is October 5th. https://t.co/wDHlWxNEgu
Devastating news from Las Vegas overnight. My heart is with the victims and their families. Is there no end to this terrible madness?
If Tillerson is wasting his time, it’s only because his boss fails to understand the catastrophic consequences of war on Korean Peninsula. https://t.co/s3JQfLfNi4
Such poor leadership ability by the President of the United States to belittle those in the midst of terrible tragedy and suffering. https://t.co/Bzanhpky2c
Wishing an easy fast and a meaningful period of reflection to all those observing Yom Kippur. G'mar chatima tova!
Tom Price committed the one unpardonable sin in Trump's world: Being rich,but not rich enough to own his own private jet. https://t.co/dFLUitubHZ
So @POTUS says his tax plan won't help him. If you believe that, I have a wall to sell you in Mexico. https://t.co/on1s0TkROM
Had important discussion with @Twitter, but clear they still have a lot of forensic work to do to understand extent of Russian interference: https://t.co/NR3jGY9eOF
No child in America should suffer from lack of quality, affordable health care. Congress must reauthorize #CHIP before it expires on Sept 30 https://t.co/FTnofw9un7
Welcome back @SteveScalise - we are so relieved to see you back at work and wish you continued strength, healing and recovery. #TeamScalise
House Intel Comm will hold October hearing with tech firms. American people need to hear from them, and see divisive and cynical Russian ads https://t.co/YtexMvIM3G
GOP fails on another "health care" repeal bill, but this fight demands continued vigilance. Stay engaged. You saved our care once again. https://t.co/mlrxpgqCu2
Can we limit one person's account to 140 characters? Asking for a worried nation.... https://t.co/00OPRirYtk
I was told I'm an answer in today's @NYT_Crossword.   4 letters, "Schiff on the House Intelligence Committee"  @POTUS, any suggestions? https://t.co/yVv93ZNWT0
#GrahamCassidy will force Americans to pay more for less coverage. And even if you can afford insurance, costs for care will skyrocket: https://t.co/ArYLO1Wuq2
Puerto Rico suffered catastrophic damage from #HurricaneMaria. Millions w/o power or water. Congress should take up emergency aid asap. https://t.co/IQ90EgkelQ
No amount of repackaging can disguise the fact that the travel ban was, and remains, a noxious attempt to ban people based on their faith. https://t.co/QLi02cq3wg
We need to know if Paul Manafort was offering info to Kremlin through oligarchs, at same time Kremlin was offering info to him through same. https://t.co/3f7ClJHnh7
Concern over Facebook goes beyond Russia, and includes societal effect their algorithms may have in reinforcing biases or misinformation. https://t.co/5jdW6Sp9Rw
Leadership means listening to all Americans. It means seeking unity not division. @POTUS again reminds us why he's a small man in a big job.
And if a person wants the privilege of serving as President, they shouldn't be allowed to disrespect military heroes who were taken prisoner https://t.co/mvuijIyXBc
@LAFD Unfortunately tagged wrong account. Even though LAFD is superb, it's equally awesome @LACo_FD who is helping in Mexico currently! Great work
DHS in future must notify states of attempted election hacking in real time, not a year later. And all states must fortify election systems. https://t.co/hJTof1bG0V
Proud of @LAFD Urban Search and Rescue for deploying their highly trained specialists to our neighbors in need. Our prayers are with you. https://t.co/RD0vDyA9Of
Appears in this video that Erdogan security forces once again assaulted American protesters. If so, his thugs must be detained immediately. https://t.co/uB5JSnM8P3
With every new disclosure in the Russia investigation, @POTUS turns not against the Kremlin, but against HRC, as if she were the malefactor. https://t.co/odQGJuR0gl
Important step by @facebook. Congress will need to learn more about rigor of its internal investigation &amp; other Russian use of its platform. https://t.co/D2cmjW8LX9
If Price won't pay the price for decent healthcare, why should taxpayers pay the price for luxury travel for Price? https://t.co/ZhsiXMwgj4
Wishing a sweet, healthy, and happy New Year to all those celebrating on this Rosh Hashanah. L'shanah tovah!
Sending thoughts and prayers to the people of Mexico as they recover from yesterday’s devastating earthquake. https://t.co/12Htlx1sIT
The people of Puerto Rico are in my prayers as Hurricane Maria strikes, causing catastrophic flooding and loss of power across the island. https://t.co/5YCf5eVKHI
If it's true, more proof @POTUS has abandoned promotion of human rights at home and abroad, and relinquished role of leader of free world. https://t.co/KnrhrzYtrH
.@johncornyn, I think the Latin you were looking for is "res ipsa loquitur."   The thing speaks for itself. https://t.co/3qEtWEfdnk
Iran is malevolent, but every time @POTUS threatens to renege on the #IranDeal, the chance for a peaceful outcome with North Korea recedes.
I'm horrified by reports from Myanmar, where thousands of Rohingya have fled for their lives, and many more face inhuman conditions. https://t.co/bLjK2hodxX
Things you can do in 90 seconds:  1.) Save money on car insurance.  2.) Take health care from millions and remake 20 percent of economy. https://t.co/zExY1Nh3ba
Times of nuclear tension call for careful restraint. You may not know Stanislav Petrov, but at height of the Cold War, he saved the world: https://t.co/P62cndfbyt
New name, same Trumpcare. Graham-Cassidy takes health care away from millions to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest few. Keep up the fight. https://t.co/2DqeLJjcqN
But we must do so with eyes wide open, and not lose sight of fact that as a businessman, Trump stiffed everyone he came into contact with.
The President's outreach to Democrats on #DACA is purely transactional. Where it makes sense for the country though we should not reject it. https://t.co/5pgpRATjMr
Every patriotic American should be furious the Kremlin so cynically sought to divide &amp; manipulate us on Facebook. Tech firms should testify: https://t.co/FXrYkMKhlg
Cassini spacecraft’s awe-inspiring mission came to an end today after 13 years in Saturn’s orbit. Thanks to @NASAJPL for an amazing journey! https://t.co/dPEr0VZXet
One side of the President blames the Nazis. His other side says protestors are to blame. Neither side demonstrates an internal moral compass https://t.co/nFVDhFCydr
Does anybody really want to throw out DREAMers? Yes, as of last week, you &amp; your AG. If you're sincere now, let's pass DREAM Act immediately https://t.co/PWYBvobUee
Proud to cosponsor @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill in House. Healthcare is a right, and access should be universal and affordable. https://t.co/uDJiRdQajv
To fully understand how Russia sought to divide and manipulate us, it will be necessary to have Facebook, Twitter and other firms testify. https://t.co/rckeNQa5Ne
Russians used social media to push false stories, to place divisive ads and to organize protests in the US. Their goal was to tear us apart.
Edith Windsor helped break down barriers and secure equal rights for same-sex marriages; her story is proof that love triumphs after all. https://t.co/MVK1z0aJQf
16 years later, we remember the victims, survivors &amp; heroes of 9/11. We honor first responders and those who continue defending our country. https://t.co/tD3PGP21EZ
Despite downgrade of #HurricaneIrma to tropical storm, FL &amp; GA are in our thoughts as residents brace for possible storm surge. Stay safe!
My thoughts are with all in Hurricane Irma’s path as it approaches Florida’s coast. CA stands with you - ready to support in any way we can. https://t.co/RHMZwdSrFp
Donald Trump Jr.’s new statement about June 2016 Trump Tower meeting is significant both in what is included &amp; what is excluded. Here’s why: https://t.co/03jV0vZuYn
Nothing to worry about? You said you would protect them, then sent your AG out to say they'd be deported. How can they possibly trust you? https://t.co/p8dk4xgiBs
GOP just blocked my amendment to protect DREAMers targeted by @POTUS #DACA decision. Expressions of sympathy are meaningless – time to act! https://t.co/SDjgd40nXT
Unilateral subpoenas issued by House Intel Majority appear to be part of effort to discredit Steele, rather than determine truth of dossier. https://t.co/wzVZ1GUkde
Donald Trump again shows that no child is too young or vulnerable, no step is too low, and why he is the worst President in modern history. https://t.co/bA7Jo7QJot
We acknowledge generations of Americans who built this country and role of collective bargaining in millions of middle class jobs. #LaborDay
.@POTUS sought business deal in Russia during campaign; was dishonest when claimed "nothing to do with Russia." This may have shaped policy. https://t.co/bAFgz1MJ6q
@POTUS Congress can't stand idly by and watch families torn apart. We can vote, this week. I have amendment to defund any effort to deport DREAMers https://t.co/dv82UUaIua
@POTUS Mr. President, you told the DREAMERs that you loved kids, that you had a big heart, and that they should have hope. Have you no compassion?
For an Administration marked by indifference to plight of others, today @POTUS hit rock bottom, ending protection for a bunch of kids. #DACA
Good news as some evacuation orders lifted for Glendale, Burbank in #LaTunaFire. Our thanks to firefighters continuing to battle the blaze: https://t.co/VotLcAqkDo
.@POTUS it's not the time to attack our allies or for more bellicose tweets, but rather comprehensive strategy to halt North Korea programs. https://t.co/RsvoL1uYbl
Our sincerest thanks to firefighters battling #LaTuna fire. Stay safe everyone.    Keep updated on evacuation information and road closures: https://t.co/HcJtEW7J8q
Today, we celebrate the 26th anniversary of Artsakh’s independence and recognize the sacrifices made in furtherance of self determination.
Wishing a happy and blessed celebration to all observing Eid al-Adha today. Eid Mubarak!
.@POTUS Election Integrity Commission to investigate baseless claim of "voter fraud" is a farce. I've introduced an amendment to defund it: https://t.co/g56gDtfgh0
Betsy DeVos hired a former DeVry executive to monitor for-profit school fraud. An absurd choice. What, no Trump Univ personnel available? https://t.co/gAlBXIgmeB
I'm introducing an amendment to prohibit payment of @SecretService funds to Trump businesses. @POTUS should not profit off of the Presidency https://t.co/vRgFRiXvtC
This @LATimes story on magnitude of rain in Houston is haunting and powerful - keeping all those affected in my thoughts as storm continues. https://t.co/TbhsBWWC9J
Important development. Now pressure must be applied to Turkey to ensure its security forces face justice for attack on peaceful protestors. https://t.co/eCRIC7GusD
NK missile test overflying Japan is another dangerous escalation from Pyongyang. Secondary sanctions are needed to further constrict trade. https://t.co/aY4tJzOFRV
Very proud to see emergency responders from California traveling to Houston to help with relief efforts. We are all in this together. https://t.co/wahzEjp8Rm
The nation's top diplomat acknowledges a tragic reality when asked if the President speaks for American values. "He speaks for himself." https://t.co/Qooygi79pT
Thinking of the people of Houston &amp; whole region enduring unprecedented flooding. So grateful to first responders working to rescue so many.
Arpaio action was appalling &amp; political. It also sends message to witnesses in Russia investigation to keep quiet, stay loyal &amp; get pardon.
.@POTUS just pardoned Arpaio, convicted of contempt for discriminatory police practices. That's not "public service," or any service at all.
Any patriotic American who wants to serve their country should be welcomed and thanked. Excluding anyone is discriminatory and simply wrong. https://t.co/i9EYzeW0FG
America is the only home most DREAMers have ever known. Deporting them would be cruel, and I have introduced an amendment to protect DACA. https://t.co/rSPyPSwgg5
If @POTUS expresses views inimical to our values, Congress must speak out. I'm cosponsoring a censure resolution in wake of Charlottesville. https://t.co/ImuQ2A1qS7
James Clapper is a patriot who served his country for 50 years &amp; knows dangerous bluster when he sees it. So yes, he's an authority on DJT. https://t.co/pmy6SXr1Ze
.@realDonaldTrump fails to condemn white supremacists, urges cops to "rough up" suspects, &amp; may pardon Sheriff Arpaio. A troubling pattern.
People all over America get it, Mr. President. They see how you divide us, how you tear at the fabric of our nation, and they are repelled. https://t.co/0Ft2HhhzQE
.@POTUS presented a new plan for Afghanistan that looks a lot like the old plan, except more troops &amp; more indefinite. Here are my concerns: https://t.co/ARqRBrxOpi
Our thoughts are with the injured and missing Navy sailors of USS McCain, and we pray search teams will rescue our heroes &amp; bring them home.
LA will see a partial solar eclipse around 10:20 am Monday!   Get ready with this great video from @NASAJPL: https://t.co/euZyzJl7Ay
There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka &amp; Miller should go. https://t.co/dbPOJFIFS5
Glad to see Bannon gone; he never belonged in the WH. But the problem persists, since the most profound source of division cannot be fired.
Our hearts go out to people of Barcelona in wake of awful attack.  We are still awaiting details, but this bears all hallmarks of terrorism.
Last week my teenage son and I visited Normandy, and saw bitter cost of defeating ideology of racial supremacy.   https://t.co/vfErOWbtCM https://t.co/LqpN5SOAN6
Mr. President, it's not the removal of statutes that's tearing the country apart, but the divisive way you lead and WH tolerance of bigotry. https://t.co/kpPezduhKv
In a statement only the KKK could (and did) applaud, @POTUS again defends white supremacists. I would ask why but afraid the answer is clear
Before he was brought to WH, Steve Bannon trafficked in bigotry at Breitbart. He should never have had a place in Admin. Not then, not now.
.@POTUS needs to speak out against the poisonous resurgence of white supremacy. There are not "many sides" here, just right and wrong.
Hate, racism and violence have absolutely no place in our country. All must stand together against it. #Charlottesville
Teddy Roosevelt on foreign policy: "Speak softly and carry a big stick."   @realDonaldTrump: "Speak bombast and use a big tweet."
Erratic and fiery belligerence of @POTUS statements do little to defuse North Korea situation and threaten to make a bad situation worse. https://t.co/thQUzXubFx
Multiple times, @POTUS has appeared to leak sensitive information. Declassification is one thing; incompetence is another. This must stop.
97% of Scientists &amp; 13 Fed Agencies: Climate change is happening now and we must reduce emissions immediately.  WH: What about the other 3%? https://t.co/J9bFrZpNL6
Bob Mueller wouldn't impanel a grand jury if there was no evidentiary basis to move forward. If true, investigation moving into a new phase. https://t.co/kCVeZWO0Pk
Holy cow! 5 years ago today: After traveling 354 million miles @MarsCuriosity slows from 12k mph, deploys parachutes, fires rockets &amp; lands! https://t.co/aBJrkexRzm
Happy Birthday @BarackObama. We miss your intellect and integrity in the WH, and will continue fighting to preserve your progressive legacy.
If true that Mueller has impaneled a grand jury, suggests his work is proceeding. All the more impt that Congress protect his independence. https://t.co/40LdzC82Ie
Yes, attack Congress for poor relations w Russia instead of nation that hacked us. Putin must be pleased you joined the blame America crowd. https://t.co/Mw1k1VnUMP
Shouldn't have taken veto-proof action by Congress to ensure @POTUS wouldn't ease sanctions over Russia's interference in our elections.
If true, report that @POTUS dictated Don Jr's initial statement on meeting w/ Russians shows a troubling willingness &amp; intention to mislead. https://t.co/iTrPe0IIRI
Of course, your tweet would be more accurate, Mr. President, if you removed "No WH chaos" at the end and replaced it with "Thanks, Obama." https://t.co/L8KxBEpI5Q
Thank you Anthony @Scaramucci for your service. I speak for a grateful nation when I say “has it really only been 11 days?!?” https://t.co/78ZEWLYrjC
Forgive us if we're not reassured. If @POTUS handles NK like everything else, we can only expect blame-shifting, resignations and profanity. https://t.co/SBOeMSLq98
I want to thank new comms director @Scaramucci for making two things clear:  1) the worst leakers are in the Trump WH; and  2) #!!@дерьмо##!
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain, @lisamurkowski &amp; @SenatorCollins for showing us what political courage looks like. Millions of Americans thank you.
Russia sanctions bill goes to President's desk with overwhelming bipartisan support. But will @POTUS sign? America first or somewhere else?
President nominates lawyer for Alfa Bank to head criminal division at DOJ. Really? Was counsel for Russia's Vnesheconombank unavailable? https://t.co/EN8JXBnxjL
First time I've seen Senators agree to vote for a bill only if they are promised it will never become law. I have a better idea -- vote no. https://t.co/gq1qrjFJuJ
Senate GOP just got closer to repealing ACA &amp; taking healthcare from tens of millions.  This isn’t over. Call your Senators. 202-224-3121
.@POTUS anti-trans pronouncement is ugly and wrong. Discrimination isn't patriotic -- allowing all who love this country to serve, is. https://t.co/OVERwxEu61
We teach emerging democracies that you don't seek to jail the losing party after an election. Apparently, @POTUS never got that lesson. https://t.co/TPdtXktCaD
Fully transparent: @POTUS wants to force Sessions to resign so he can appoint someone to curb Mueller probe. Only works if Senate lets it. https://t.co/ONezAAlfeX
.@SenateGOP literally doesn't know what's in their #ACA repeal bill, but they vote on it TOMORROW.  Call your Senators today!  202-224-3121
With respect Mr. President, the problem is how often you watch TV, and that your comments and actions are beneath the dignity of the office. https://t.co/NvZydYbnyW
Can see why @POTUS is torn:   On one hand, it's the consensus of US Intel agencies &amp; NatSec advisors. On other hand, Putin denied it TWICE. https://t.co/hAU1D1WABZ
The Chief Executive must do the nation's work first and foremost. We must ensure @POTUS is operating in U.S. best interest, not his own: https://t.co/LiDCwpwQCQ
Russia uses money to influence policy, a most powerful form of kompromat. So, Mueller's scope must include money laundering allegation: https://t.co/wtSIbM0wGI
Glad to see new communications director has things under control. The stream of consciousness strategy never fails, right? https://t.co/jfREBuUmR2
Administration made right decision to bring Al Qaeda suspect to US for trial. Federal courts can handle it; Gitmo process too flawed. https://t.co/hNzBFR4SZa
Just introduced Constitutional Amendment to overturn Citizens United. We must stop vast sums of anonymous money that threaten our democracy. https://t.co/WpdGmWR5Of
Disturbed to see CIA Director trivialize Russian interference in our election. 2016 not comparable to anything in the past. He knows better. https://t.co/ZbbSstGE1B
Have gotten to know @SenJohnMcCain personally over the last couple years. A hero in every sense of the word. Wishing him a speedy recovery.
Trump: I don't like AG, DAG, FBI Dir, Acting FBI Dir. or Mueller. Reporter: Anyone you do like? Trump: Crown Prosecutor Chaika seems good. https://t.co/v3fpscwHzE
President claims he discussed "adoptions" with Putin in previously undisclosed meeting. Just what Don Jr. said, before we learned otherwise.
FBI Director does not report to the President on specific cases. Someone needs to counsel Mr. Trump on independence of Justice Department.
Mueller has authority to investigate any ties Trump family has to Russia, including financial, and anything that arises. That is his duty.
We are ready to improve the healthcare system at any time. But we are not willing to throw tens of millions off their care to fund tax cuts. https://t.co/MT3z6vIqgb
I fight to #DefendDACA because I've met many young ppl who'd be torn from their families &amp; schools. Keep kids w/ their parents. #HereToStay
With the controversy over first Trump-Putin meeting, astonished to learn of undisclosed second. Guess this is what Trump calls прозрачность.
.@RepSteveChabot &amp; I are fighting to advance int'l press freedom. Vietnamese Gov must release detained blogger/human rights activist Me Nam: https://t.co/4zTL3NaO5h
.@MerriamWebster  TRUMP EDITION  Transparent  Trans-par-ent (adj.)  1.  Opaque 2. Deceptive, misleading  e.g. Don Jr. was very transparent.
GOP strategery:  Do nothing Blame Obama Repeal &amp; replace ACA No one knew this was so complicated Back to Just Repeal Blame Obama Do nothing
To destroy a healthcare system that works is the height of irresponsibility. We will not bail you out of a crisis of your own making @POTUS. https://t.co/VCljSTir0n
Back before ACA, when pre-existing conditions can make you uninsurable and lifetime limits allow insurance to terminate mid-treatment? Pass. https://t.co/8BQzPiuqmE
No, they wouldn't. And your FBI nominee said as much. If outsourcing opp research to Russian govt was okay, why all the deception about it? https://t.co/3NaJV1aMvS
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain a speedy recovery.  A real hero; they don't come any tougher.
Another infantile attack on the press by @realDonaldTrump today. On behalf of all infants, Rose says it's beneath the dignity of the office. https://t.co/i4l4idDuFv
Don Jr.’s emails are about as clear evidence as you could find of intent by the Trump campaign to collude with the Russians: https://t.co/Q0C0CfUgqw
Was Trump campaign doing privately what candidate Trump called for publicly? They wanted dirt on HRC and these were efforts to obtain it. https://t.co/ufxdwbOFs9
Evolution of a Defense:  No meetings w/ Russians  Yes, meetings No collusion We tried to It's not illegal Everybody does it   I didn't know.
This amendment should never have come up for a vote in a defense bill or anywhere else. LGBT rights are human rights. https://t.co/F54r2nOBQi
If an American is hit over head with a big sack of drugs flying over the wall, would it be covered by Trumpcare, or would Mexico pay for it? https://t.co/mzKQx8Rroh
If former intel officer present, even more damning. Regardless Kremlin got clear message that Trump campaign welcomed its help. Here's why: https://t.co/vP6pK5ZvNE
No matter how many drafts Senate Republicans release, their "health care" bill has same overriding flaw – takes coverage away from millions.
Apparently former KGB agents can only lie once. If you ask a second time, and in a different way, you've got them! https://t.co/Tjk7Mm4eV8
Which is most likely true:  1) WH is functioning perfectly, 2) @POTUS watches little TV, or 3) Moon is made of cheese.  That's right, #3. https://t.co/5LTIc77kJF
The internet is a powerful tool because it’s free and open, without fast lanes and slow lanes. We need #NetNeutrality so it stays that way.
Don Jr Transparency:   I never met with Russians. I met with Russians on adoptions. I met with them to get damaging Clinton info.   Love it. https://t.co/7fkHKrqzkI
Horrified by tragic Marine Corps plane crash in Mississippi. Thoughts and prayers are with the 16 victims and the many loved ones affected.
Trump: Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Yes they were.   Putin: I'm with her.
Dumping of stolen emails began in July 2016. If Don Jr. learned of Kremlin intent to help Trump in June, that was well before public knew. https://t.co/zvEKWmffVF
My pics might be filtered, but my opinions are not.  Follow me on Instagram @RepAdamSchiff https://t.co/hVpT92ZMkB https://t.co/ORaCJ5jLzH
A cyber security working group with the very perpetrators of the attack on our election? Might as well just mail our ballots to Moscow. https://t.co/RjbhhI4MTw
No art to this deal: What kind of "tough negotiator" goes into talks undermining his country's own position, as you did attacking US intel? https://t.co/sHTa9mmy2J
Putin's claim that @POTUS agreed with him re: hack all but inevitable after Trump himself refused to acknowledge the obvious only day before https://t.co/bLKaKbUidz
Forming a working group on cyber interference in elections with Russia is akin to inviting North Korea to lead one on nonproliferation. https://t.co/KICb2aTkxb
Yes, I'm sure that's the big talk at G20. Not climate change or trade, but why didn't John Podesta give a server that wasn't his to the CIA. https://t.co/4waU0mxjpQ
When @realDonaldTrump meets with Putin on Friday, he needs to confront the Kremlin on hacking, Ukraine, Syria &amp; North Korea. Here's why: https://t.co/H5D0IghrSI
America last. @POTUS already capitulates to Putin: "I think it was Russia. I think it was other countries as well. No one really knows." https://t.co/KFV7OiwN5k
.@POTUS must raise Russia's interference in our election with Putin, or the Kremlin will conclude he is too weak to confront them directly.
This Fourth of July, let us remind ourselves that there is more that unites us than divides us. https://t.co/pijVU1GnCZ
A happy and safe Fourth of July from my family to yours! https://t.co/LIHAIZ2aFe
.@POTUS posts mock video of him attacking press, even after a GOP candidate did exactly that. Where will his downward spiral take us?
No, not presidential or respectful. Not appropriate or dignified. Not useful or smart. Just vulgar and beneath the dignity of the office. https://t.co/3L9gxqZ0vv
For 7 years GOP promised some great replacement, now @POTUS just wants to repeal &amp; cause chaos? Time to work with Dems and improve ACA. https://t.co/upPpnXbwuW
.@realDonaldTrump is quicker to attack Americans who disagree with him than stand up to adversaries abroad. What happened to America First?
House Intel requested tapes, documents or memorandum re: Comey. WH didn't comply. They owe us an answer and we are determined to get one. https://t.co/BYXKTnVCOF
Hats off to @RepBarbaraLee on her amendment to compel a vote on new AUMF. Before Admin takes any further action in Syria, we need to vote. https://t.co/iw69AwZcm2
Wish @realDonaldTrump spent as much time doing his job as he does bullying female TV hosts. Unpresidential, offensive and childish.
Good news: GOP forced to delay vote on "health care" bill.   Bad news: GOP still wants to kick 22M off insurance.   No time for complacency.
If the GOP succeeds in jamming through this horrific bill, just know that higher out of pocket costs aren't an accident. They’re by design.
So does their bill make deductibles lower? NO. The opposite. It would double them or more. CBO confirmed: https://t.co/KUIQTxaq2m
Deductibles were much lower than they claimed, but they had a point. If you’re making $30k a year, an $8k deductible is daunting.
One constant complaint from the GOP about the ACA was high deductibles, i.e. out of pocket costs before insurance kicks in.
It's hard to pick the most outrageous Republican fib about their “health care” bill, but here's one that gets me:
When 23 million lose their healthcare it's "mean", but when 22 million are cut off, it shows "heart."  Is this how GOP measures compassion?
After Erdogan's forces charged with beating protestors in US he asks: What kind of law and legal system is this?   It's called democracy. https://t.co/pXKzD4M30x
.@POTUS now accuses Obama of collusion and obstruction. Like his abuse of term "fake news," he hopes to demean the words beyond recognition. https://t.co/uAgnuvhxwC
GOP says their "health care" bill is about "freedom and choice." What choice is that? Between paying the mortgage or buying food or meds?
CBO says Trumpcare 2.0 will strip 22,000,000 Americans of health insurance. Where’s the “heart”? For 22 million, it’s as mean as ever. https://t.co/Ki4AdGHu8R
Candidate Trump openly egged on the Russians and celebrated every release of hacked docs, and now as @POTUS, criticizes Obama's response?
Obama Admin feared 2 things: appearing to help HRC &amp; playing into Trump's rigged narrative. Neither factor outweighed public's need to know: https://t.co/4HM90Y8KLz
No, Mr. President. President Obama didn't want to be perceived as helping Clinton. That was his mistake. Everything since has been yours. https://t.co/dMTtJKE79f
Trumpcare 2.0: Just as mean. Just as dangerous to your health.    Let your elected representative know how you feel: 202-224-3121.
Trumpcare 2.0 throws millions off healthcare, cuts Medicaid &amp; weakens protections for pre-existing conditions. Just as bad as the House bill
.@POTUS statements stop short of denying WH has any tapes in possession, and only raise more questions. WH must respond to us in writing. https://t.co/I0AW6lYXwp
A better question, Mr. President, is why did you encourage them? 'Hey Russians, if you're listening, hack Hillary's emails.' Sound familiar? https://t.co/EUG50ap8AE
Deadline to turn over any tapes of Comey conversations to House Intel – if they exist – is Friday. Time is running out for WH to comply.
Update from the swamp: Health insurance lobbyists get to see the Trumpcare bill. Patients...sorry you're out of luck. https://t.co/Y9ILqVgsEQ
REVEALED: Senate bill kicks millions off healthcare and contains deeper cuts to Medicaid, just phases them in more slowly. No thanks. https://t.co/xMKcaiwSFL
Was mistake for Obama Admin to wait two months to tell public what Russia was doing out of fear they would be perceived as affecting result.
Key takeaways from today's hearing with Jeh Johnson: Voter registration databases are vulnerable and we need to do more to protect them. https://t.co/xfHMHNk6lw
By middle of last summer, it was apparent Russians were intent on weaponizing stolen data. My opening statement during Jeh Johnson hearing: https://t.co/igFrsbD3Bc
Entire intelligence community confirmed Russia hack. Republicans accept it. Democrats too. Only @POTUS disputes the obvious. Why? https://t.co/7HaWbxnGCS
Last week 6 experts quit the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS. We cannot put HIV in the past if @POTUS ignores HIV+ Americans: https://t.co/UyjeBxm8sO
Saddened to learn of the passing of Otto Warmbier, and appalled at North Korea's mistreatment of this young student. A barbarous regime.
My prayers are with the families of the 7 American Navy sailors who died serving our country aboard the USS Fitzgerald. A terrible loss.
No hearings, no transparency, no bill. There should be no vote until bill affecting all Americans' health &amp; 1/6 of economy is fully vetted.
We don't have one ethical standard for past presidents and Trump another. All must respect rule of law, avoid even appearance of impropriety https://t.co/OsFGHbUz73
Will take more than some tweets to besmirch Bob Mueller, a Purple Heart and Bronze Medal recipient who has served presidents of both parties https://t.co/hy9p9Uulg2
My staff said #squadgoals. I said huh? https://t.co/Yc4GGKleQN
That statement was clearly made without the advice of counsel. https://t.co/p05HSKVBuk
Encourage Administration to ban tourist travel to North Korea. NK brutalizes visitors as it did Otto Wambier, uses them as bargaining chips. https://t.co/UOkXj6W56S
The US is the most successful experiment in self-governance in history not a private company at the whim of its executive. We will defend it https://t.co/7pAo1x22Ly
Deeply concerned my colleague Steve Scalise still in critical condition, but pleased surgeries were successful. Hoping he'll rejoin us soon. https://t.co/nMj7XivAP1
If you are calling Bob Mueller a "very bad person," no Member of Congress agrees with you. Has faithfully served Presidents of both parties. https://t.co/EQM50T8vbc
My thoughts and prayers are with my colleague, Steve Scalise, and the Capitol Police and staff shot today at a ballpark. Awful news.
.@POTUS to House GOP: Your healthcare bill is "mean," glad it's dead in the Senate. By the way, how do you like the view from under the bus?
Congress can't allow Administration to refuse to answer q's on potential obstruction. Must compel responses using whatever process necessary
Sessions confirmed Comey was uncomfortable meeting President alone. He had to know it involved Russia: why else would Comey have objected?
Putin meddled in our election not only to help Trump, but also tear down democracy. Beating and jailing protesters in Russia shows us why. https://t.co/iLPcYGX2yo
Yesterday, we saw the President's team of rivals compete for top sycophant. Who can we count on to tell the President when he's wrong?
If President fired Bob Mueller, Congress would immediately re-establish independent counsel and appoint Bob Mueller. Don't waste our time.
Key Qs for Sessions: Did Trump ask him to leave him w Comey? Did Comey urge him not to do so again? Did he disclose all contacts w Russians?
Today, we remember 49 lives lost in terrorist attack at #PulseNightclub &amp; commit to work harder to combat hate and epidemic of gun violence.
At this year’s #Pride, we march for love – for love of country and the right to love whomever you love. This year, we resist. https://t.co/uDz5e13kpR
House Intel sent letter to WH demanding any tape recordings of conversations between President &amp; Comey be preserved, and produced by June 23 https://t.co/6kQYY4EQpR
With country was transfixed on Comey’s testimony, GOP moved quietly to repeal ACA &amp; Dodd-Frank. Is there no end to the damage they would do?
WH can't have it both ways, describe @POTUS conversations then claim they're privileged. There's no privilege to mislead then hide the truth
@POTUS Ultimately, this is not about party, but about country. Watch former FBI Director James Comey explain why the Russia investigation matters: https://t.co/UdT1M9voh7
@POTUS If there are indeed tapes of Comey's conversations, they need to be preserved and made immediately available to Congress and Mueller.
Comey wrote memoranda about his conversations because he worried that @POTUS would misrepresent them. That fear has already been vindicated.
Today, Comey testified he was directed to drop a case involving National Security Advisor, and fired to alter course of Russia investigation
Comey: He dangled my job. Demanded loyalty. Wanted Flynn case dropped. Wanted Russia cloud lifted. Fired me.  Trump: I'm totally vindicated!
Jan 26-Yates warns WH re Flynn. Next day, Trump demands loyalty from Comey.  Feb 13-Flynn is fired. Next day, Trump asks Comey to drop case.
Comey testimony confirms @POTUS demanded his loyalty and asked for Flynn case to be dropped. Did his refusal to do either cost him his job? https://t.co/I7nfMC1Y20
Whether Dirs. Rogers &amp; Coats felt pressured is not issue – whether @POTUS sought to interfere is. Public deserves an answer; we will get it.
The heroism of those who fought on D-Day is engraved in our memory. Perhaps the greatest undertaking of the greatest generation.
Actually, news organizations have no objection to your using Twitter to contradict your legal team. ACLU also fine with it. DOJ, not so much https://t.co/ZlIzNSynyE
DOJ's new oral argument: "Your Honor, I know the President keeps calling it a travel ban, but who believes him anyway?" https://t.co/1lFXsJPRWx
London just suffered another terrorist attack and are mourning their dead. Probably not the best time for you to belittle their Mayor. https://t.co/qFWyjNXbUL
Still mourning Manchester, UK appears to have been attacked again - victim of a decentralized threat we all face. Our prayers are with UK.
Woke up and a US President was no longer leader of free world. After only 132 days, Trump will go down as worst President in modern history.
The President broke America's word on climate, and now he's back to defending a ban on Muslims. Is there no end to the damage? https://t.co/z64GNstJeJ
More broken promises. @POTUS said he'd drain the swamp but granted 17 ethics waivers in only 132 days. Obama issued that number in 8 years. https://t.co/gcYq8EWN8t
.@POTUS withdrawal from Paris Accord will forever damage our planet and our standing in the world. There is no Planet B, Mr. President.
Glad Director Comey will soon testify. The public deserves to know if @POTUS attempted to shut down any part of Russia investigation. https://t.co/2ahFtwCIY4
.@POTUS should not return properties Russians used for espionage that were shuttered after they interfered in our election. Why reward them? https://t.co/dv0EgTRSTL
.@ConawayTX11 &amp; I approved subpoenas for interviews/documents from Michael Flynn, Michael Cohen &amp; related businesses as part of Russia probe https://t.co/Mv7kuYXXEj
His most damaging decision yet. @POTUS could abandon global leadership, infuriate our allies &amp; jeopardize planet all in one terrible choice. https://t.co/hip8ZDU8bi
.@POTUS, appreciate suggestion on witnesses but feel you may not have probe's interests at heart. Ex: Firing FBI Dir because of Russia probe https://t.co/djfvjfNYe2
They were certainly laughing in the Oval Office, but that had more to do with your conduct than anything else. And who can blame them? https://t.co/WZavE3DIlg
On Memorial Day, we honor the men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice and given their lives for this great nation. https://t.co/vDgQt5EKtT
Merkel: “The times in which we could rely fully on others, they are somewhat over." If @potus calls that huge success, hate to see failure. https://t.co/9caS9ywFA9
Will need to probe allegations re: Kushner &amp; secret backchannel to Russians. Context is key &amp; this would have been right after Russian hack. https://t.co/DrAJ474g96
GOP victory probably a bit overshadowed by the assault charges. Between #FakeNews tweets you might express some, I don't know, disapproval? https://t.co/0DkBwrLuov
CBO released a pretty good analysis, in case you missed it: https://t.co/iRYWquRIl7 https://t.co/dfy7XJ8JVr
Will our reality TV president walk away from last best hope against climate change? And what will become of our planet? Tune in to find out! https://t.co/mYpRjIeUZh
Trumpcare by the numbers: 850% premium spike for elderly, 14 mil lose healthcare in 1st year, 1 in 6 w pre-existing conditions lose coverage
Ramadan Mubarak. I send well wishes for a joyous and peaceful Ramadan to people of the Muslim faith around the world.
Montenegro shoved aside (literally), Duterte praised for murder campaign, Erdogan thugs beat protesters in US. Is this making America great? https://t.co/Nof8xHbQXP
Once again, courts hold that #MuslimBan exactly what it was intended to be – discriminatory &amp; unlawful. Might have also said immoral &amp; wrong https://t.co/0oR75GAX2c
Trump doctrine of nonstrategic ambiguity on display: Vague on commitment to NATO, vague on Europe, vague on climate. Harmful to US interests https://t.co/ufxs5hcoGm
If the U.S. disclosed information about Manchester obtained from the British before they were ready, they have every right to be furious. https://t.co/tzvxSTyS5V
GOP candidate assaults reporter who asked about TrumpCare. Shows utter lack of respect for a free press - and how indefensible this bill is. https://t.co/8ZkGphmAEx
If poverty is a "state of mind" Doctor Carson, then how would you diagnose hunger, homelessness and   addiction - mere hallucinations? https://t.co/xDaUenf1Ws
TrumpCare will throw 23 million off insurance, deny coverage for preexisting conditions &amp; increase costs. All in name of tax cut for wealthy https://t.co/F637vilhfL
WH improves accuracy on Russia probe to 33%:  1st claim on collusion: false 2nd POTUS never jeopardized sources: false 3rd on leaks: true! https://t.co/r2QMGMk2xF
President Trump betrays yet another campaign promise by attempting to cut Social Security and Medicaid. What promise will he break next? https://t.co/O0lyaB7PEu
Today, former CIA Director Brennan testified he was aware of interactions between Russians &amp; Trump campaign that warranted referral to FBI: https://t.co/8n6y29NvlU
Our goal is to understand why Russians attacked, whether they had help of US persons &amp; inform public so we can protect ourselves in future. https://t.co/kjK8PRfGk8
President's statement to PM Netanyahu that he didn't mention Israel in his meeting with the Russians compounds one blunder with yet another. https://t.co/y5jdokwQ9o
Devastating to hear about carnage at concert in Manchester. Is there no limit to the willingness of people to massacre fellow human beings?
If latest reports are true, the specter of possible obstruction has grown larger and more troubling. Congress will need to find out. https://t.co/7krSFROnyM
General Flynn's refusal to provide testimony or documents to House Intel Committee is disappointing. We'll explore whatever means necessary.
Intentionally sabotaging the ACA for political gain will hurt millions of Americans by making health insurance unaffordable. Shameful. https://t.co/alDG55OdB4
Bad enough that Turkish security forces attack protesters back home. Outrageous, to see them do so here, and while Erdoğan watches. https://t.co/HqBHY8ZdAI
Struck by @POTUS suggestion in Saudi Arabia that U.S. promotion of democracy &amp; human rights to take backseat - that'd be a historic mistake: https://t.co/EuR8Wh97dH
Size of Rouhani's victory &amp; rebuke of conservatives offer a ray of hope for nation that remains among the most dangerous sponsors of terror. https://t.co/rOF9nm2Fn8
Appointment of Mueller was essential but doesn't obviate need for Congress probe. He may not be able to inform what he finds; Congress must. https://t.co/M37LhnJaiF
@POTUS Can we all agree in future that candidates for President should have a certain basic respect for the office and it's ethical constraints?
For @POTUS to tell the Russians, of all people, that firing Comey would ease pressure of Russia probe beggars belief. Yet WH doesn't deny. https://t.co/ClhAIsmeqT
@realDonaldTrump The real victims are those hurt by his policies and chaos he's created, those who would lose their healthcare or have their parents deported
Struck by how often @realDonaldTrump portrays himself as a victim. He's not. He's the President and he needs to start acting like one.
Just announced: Former CIA Director Brennan will testify in open session before House Intel Committee next Tuesday as part of Russia probe. https://t.co/2sp7rfq1IS
Along with @ConawayTX11, just requested additional documents from the Department of Justice related to former FBI Director Comey's dismissal
Appointment of special counsel is very positive. Mueller is a solid choice who will help reestablish public confidence in FBI investigation: https://t.co/6ngjbLL3Bg
An independent commission has a very different purpose than an independent prosecutor. Both are warranted. Here's why: https://t.co/8u3hvNdDAf
If @POTUS asked the FBI Director to drop the Flynn case, it raises troubling specter of interference or obstruction. Congress must find out.
Congress must obtain any notes of meetings with @POTUS and Comey, and Director Comey should be brought back to testify without delay. https://t.co/Tfs9fB8m5x
In this case, Mr. President, the most dangerous leaker has already been identified. Should he too be fired? https://t.co/YToc0cdTYI
Mr. President, this isn't about your "rights," but your responsibilities. You could jeopardize our sources, relationships and security. https://t.co/QwnzI7Mdgv
Report that Trump shared highly classified intelligence with Russians is deeply disturbing. House Intel needs to be briefed immediately. https://t.co/jHaMKy71am
A happy #MothersDay to all of the mothers out there! And to my wife Eve (yes, we've heard all the Adam and Eve jokes)! https://t.co/noenHaUW99
Attorney General Sessions should have played no part in firing – or hiring – FBI Director. Only underscores why we need independent counsel: https://t.co/hrZsyMhiIf
If tapes exist, Congress must get them voluntarily if possible, by subpoena if necessary. If there's obstruction, they will be best evidence https://t.co/wByPzaMGGC
Press briefings are for the public's benefit, not yours, @POTUS. And the public has a right to accuracy, even if you find it inconvenient. https://t.co/5yhNiDA3rD
Mr. President, if there are "tapes" relevant to the Comey firing, it's because you made them and they should be provided to Congress. https://t.co/rztyxG6Ytt
.@POTUS .@POTUS should not have asked &amp; Comey should not have answered, if indeed it ever happened. Wise not to accept any claim by @POTUS on Russia
.@POTUS dines with Comey, who's worried about his job. During, Trump asks if he's under investigation. And @POTUS thinks this is somehow ok? https://t.co/6HwkK0KLdQ
Trump's vote fraud commission is a farce, designed to prove a falsehood, and to establish a basis for voter disenfranchisement. https://t.co/Xb0TS3zAm9
House Intel will proceed in a thorough, nonpartisan fashion. We'll conduct rigorous oversight to ensure nothing impedes FBI investigation. https://t.co/TRNxjrlWs6
Why did Trump fire Comey? Had nothing to do with Clinton, everything to do with Russia. Independent counsel needed:  https://t.co/zHltFHinDA
Mr. President, we do believe Director Comey erred in his handling of Clinton investigation. We just don't believe that's why you fired him. https://t.co/rzuEY3c34F
Congress must determine the real reasons for Comey's firing, and ensure FBI has the leadership – and resources – to investigate Russia ties.
Only an independent prosecutor can provide a modicum of public confidence that FBI's Russia investigation will be conducted fairly. https://t.co/tJDR8IgdrM
Firing of Comey tainted by extraordinary conflict of interest. Independent prosecutor must be appointed to restore any public confidence. https://t.co/m5fSJ3LpiG
.@POTUS may soon act on military rec for more troops in Afghanistan. Q is why it will force Taliban to negotiate when larger surge didn't. https://t.co/Rn40j0ocnP
Acting AG Yates raised profound concerns w Flynn's behavior, concerns @POTUS ignored until they became public. Here's what you need to know: https://t.co/Wk9rdcObOu
Most striking about testimony: Yates' conclusion Flynn's "underlying conduct" was problematic. Not just his lie but what he was lying about. https://t.co/M9ojwUkdcE
White House Counsel asked Yates why the DOJ was concerned by one Admin official lying to another. I'm glad someone was concerned about it...
Eighteen days. That's how long the President waited to fire Flynn after learning that he lied to VP and caused VP to mislead country.
Former DNI Clapper testifies that he never submitted unmasking request for political purposes, not aware of such abuse by anyone else.
The main question the America people have is why you waited so long to fire Flynn after he misled the VP and country about Russian contacts? https://t.co/NRnetFSyFC
Mr. President: You failed to vet Flynn, hired him, and only fired him once his lies became public. Which part of that is Obama's fault? https://t.co/sMhvFjX5pa
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on a big win in France over the forces of right-wing nationalism. A very hopeful sign for Europe.
Worst fear during Russia hack in our election was they would dump fakes among real documents. Reportedly, this is now happening with Macron. https://t.co/k4UxiFnYHq
Note to French voters this Sunday: We voted "Le Pen" here (at least our electoral college did). Do we look happy?
Some people think if you can't afford health insurance, you don't deserve it. These people are wrong, and it’s why we must protect the ACA. https://t.co/WtPV0tl2Nx
Well, Mr. President, thanks to you and the GOP Majority, the answer to the question you asked three years ago is now -- 24 million. https://t.co/4kZRTe00kF
Just finished closed hearing with FBI Director Comey and NSA Director Rogers. Good opportunity for our follow up. Here are next steps: https://t.co/eOjX1SRR9B
Just VOTED NO on GOP’s disastrous healthcare repeal bill. Today, millions watched as Congress literally voted to take away their healthcare.
How many millions will lose their care? We don't know as GOP rushes vote w/o CBO score. For the "read the bill crowd", a shocking hypocrisy. https://t.co/ZFwsL6ikxd
Proud to recognize #WorldPressFreedomDay. Freedom of the press has rarely been under such threat, or so important. https://t.co/ooZLc3ygr0
Just voted to keep the government open.  Things we funded: scientific research &amp; the ACA   Things we didn't fund: a nonsensical border wall
Real choice was not conceal or speak. Comey spoke about Clinton &amp; concealed Trump invest. Real choice was to abide by DOJ policy or violate.
How could a shutdown be good, with parks closed, gov't services unavailable and people furloughed? Answer: Golf at Mar-a-lago unaffected. https://t.co/wUxImQJfUq
Very pleased @WGAWest reached a fair deal for their members. Good for them and for all of us who love their work. https://t.co/49pD2rhK3q
When pressed on his false accusation of wiretapping, @POTUS says "I don't stand by anything."  Well, he's certainly right about that. https://t.co/dJjLHyNpoa
There was a time when the U.S. condemned extrajudicial killings, not rewarded them with WH visit. That time was 103 days ago. https://t.co/gCa0BL6kNx
Day 101, a lot like Day 1. @POTUS attacks press, claims hacking could have been China, and won't release taxes. No change. No growth.
High point of the first 100 days: @realDonaldTrump acknowledges being President is hard.   Low point: the other 99  days.
Trump Admin was responsible for vetting any new hire and Michael Flynn raised many red flags. @POTUS will blame Obama until the very end. https://t.co/P5czB7TNCU
How does @POTUS call for South Korea to pay for missile defense AND repeal their trade agreement help reassure our ally? Not one bit.
Congress must debate &amp; vote on matters of war. Introduced new bill reasserting Congress' role as check &amp; balance on POTUS war-making power: https://t.co/ZPKFI9M5Zo
A monumentally bad idea: Trump's planned EO would reconsider designation of wilderness areas and eliminate protection of pristine lands. https://t.co/ZUJfXzRxuI
.@POTUS tax plan is huge. Huge tax cuts for corporations/wealthy, huge deficit for country, and a huge disappointment all around.
It'll make you sick. GOP's new bill let's states waive protections for those with pre-existing conditions - but exempts Members of Congress! https://t.co/m6TPCyBETy
Just wrote @potus along with @timkaine to seek legal justification for Syria strike. Congress' constitutional war powers role is at risk. https://t.co/a3H6liQWTF
Joining @ConanOBrien tonight to discuss the President's tweets, the 2016 election, Russia...and what I learned at Trump University.
It's time for US to end its silence. We must never allow ourselves to be complicit in Turkey's campaign of denial of the Armenian Genocide! https://t.co/2q4QStxbSg
.@POTUS just asked about his strategy on ISIS: "Generally is we have to get rid of ISIS."  Damn, why didn't Obama think of that? https://t.co/LLZ17t7b2j
We march to honor, remember, and demand justice for the 1.5 million Armenian men, women and children slaughtered in the #ArmenianGenocide. https://t.co/V93E7aP6hI
Let's be honest @POTUS, Mexico will never pay for a wall. Taxpayers will bear the brunt of this and all your broken promises. https://t.co/9Pg395et84
Horrified by the Chechyn government's arrest, torture and murder of gay men. I stand with the global LGBT community.  #eyesonchechnya https://t.co/Cofg7Pzr6Y
I join my constituents in marching for science.  The earth is in danger and @POTUS actions have only increased its perils. #MarchForScience https://t.co/c9X7cB4q8V
Thanks for coming out to @Caltech for our town hall. There's a lot we can do to make progress against climate change! https://t.co/FUMRdkl2YK
Starting my town hall at @Caltech to discuss climate change and the assault on science. Watch here: https://t.co/HTSc7opvD1
Breaking the Iran nuclear deal would be a grave mistake for the Trump Administration, unleashing Iran's nuke program again and isolating US.
Back on track: sent letters with @ConawayTX11 inviting Comey, Rogers, Brennan, Clapper and Yates to testify before House Intel Committee: https://t.co/6WVUz5xuDQ
Another apparent terror attack in Europe, this time Paris is again the victim. So much work to be done to defeat this scourge.
Mr. Attorney General, that island is a U.S. state, and that judge is part of a co-equal branch of government -- and thank God for that. https://t.co/wLQZ3n8bWh
Joined @DavidAxelrod to discuss Russia, North Korea and other key challenges on the #AxeFiles https://t.co/08pWPkpWMZ
We're ready to improve the ACA, but if Trump causes system to collapse, GOP alone will own catastrophe that follows. https://t.co/J77XjYhOnv
Had a blast with @TrevorNoah on @TheDailyShow last night!  Watch the full extended interview: https://t.co/XBbrerwLBn https://t.co/5DbNCTTm2F
Missile defense, an increased naval presence and secondary sanctions on those doing business w/ NK may compel China to rein in the regime. https://t.co/QLFFF04H4J
Increasing pressure on China to rein in North Korea is sound. Saber rattling against the North Korean regime is dangerous. Here's why: https://t.co/RB6MC4F9Sq
Does @POTUS applaud Erdogan for cementing one man rule? Undermining a once free press? Crushing dissent? Protecting Trump Tower Istanbul?
Erdogan's narrow victory, marred by voting irregularities, bodes poorly for democracy in Turkey. It is not an occasion for congratulations. https://t.co/IxDndnpyui
All options for NK are on the table including unmitigated disaster. @POTUS should weigh consequences before he draws his own red line. https://t.co/t9nuE0lhJX
We get you won the electoral college. Really, we do. That's WHY you must release your taxes - to show you have no conflicts of interest. https://t.co/iNwnQRfvCe
The same WH that just agreed to sell your browsing history won't disclose visits to WH to protect privacy of lobbyists. Swamp wins again. https://t.co/CaWgxxa8H4
Not a surprise Russia would stand in the way of truth and holding the Assad regime accountable. The Kremlin, too, shares the guilt. https://t.co/2w9s6bmcHm
Trump to 20 million Americans insured under ACA: "Nice little health insurance you have there. Shame if something happened to it...." https://t.co/InANsTrEmN
Never thought I would say this, but Sean Spicer should go back to talking about crowd size at the inauguration. https://t.co/D2JZLuypiw
We need new AUMF defining force authorized against ISIS, AQ, Taliban. If @POTUS wants to strike Assad that too requires approval of Congress
Nepotism only looks beautiful when it's your pocket that's being lined, otherwise it's ugly, corrupting and anti-meritocratic. https://t.co/Ixo5OhJXdK
Heartbroken to hear about shooting at San Bernardino elementary school. Even more tragic for community as it comes on heels of terror attack
Tragic attacks in Egypt targeting Coptic Christian community. Our hearts and prayers go out to all those attacked for exercising their faith
There was a strong moral basis to take action against Assad's use of chemical weapons in Syria, but NOT without Congressional approval: https://t.co/tlDduM1E8E
Tonight's airstrikes will not displace Assad, but may deter chem weapon use. Actions in Syria still not authorized by Congress. Need a vote: https://t.co/UiSNCb8p6Q
Mitch McConnell today turned the Senate into the House, and eviscerated a key check and balance. Bad for the Senate, worse for the Court.
Look forward to working on investigation with @ConawayTX11. He's great colleague &amp; new role gives investigation fresh &amp; important new start.
I know the Chairman's decision to recuse himself wasn't easy. I look forward to our continued work together on other vital intel issues. https://t.co/Ym5GYdkqcN
First @POTUS slanders President Obama. Now Susan Rice. Who's next? Lousy way to run a business. Much worse way to run a country.
.@POTUS will claim meeting w/ President Xi is great, no matter what happens. Need commitment from China on NK, not more presidential puffery
Bannon says he was put on NSC to "de-operationilize" it. Think the word he was looking for was "dysfunctionalize." Mission accomplished. https://t.co/1QoaoZWadT
The scheme: WH only wanted to show Chairman docs then made accusations to distract. I want full Intel Committee to see docs. WH is resisting
No matter what distraction is thrown our way, we will not lose focus on the Russia investigation. https://t.co/LYzful3qDn
Lot of innuendo flying about incidental collection, unmasking, and surveillance.    Here's what you need to know: https://t.co/F8RSgS6h7R
When McConnell  deprived President Obama of a vote on Garland, it was a nuclear option. The rest is fallout.
Despite WH attempts to distract, Congress must thoroughly investigate Russia's interference in our elections. We know they will do so again. https://t.co/46NSr4i0rA
Cesar Chavez made Si Se Puede his rallying cry, and workers for decades have benefited from his leadership and dedication. #CesarChavezDay
Viewed docs today at White House invitation. Here are my thoughts: https://t.co/EZ5COuoVVU
Grave step for a National Security Advisor to ask for immunity. Lots of work to be done before even considering: https://t.co/YPHOvX5NGj
The question for you, Mr. President, is why you waited so long to act after you learned Flynn (through your VP) had misled the country?
The public should learn a lot more about WHY General Flynn wants immunity when Sally Yates testifies before the House Intelligence Committee https://t.co/F6mjRbjUby
Received WH invite to review docs. I've accepted, here’s my reply. If same docs provided to Chair last wk, WH has a lot of explaining to do. https://t.co/LKyvJALhLo
We can't have a credible investigation if the Chairman won't share evidence with his own committee. Neither D's nor R's know what he saw. https://t.co/UB6dd7JMlq
Deeply disturbed by high lead levels in many CA communities, some worse than Flint. We must identify sources of exposure and take action. https://t.co/Wtr5l8ZqeO
Sally Yates is willing to testify, WH says they want her to testify, public wants to hear from her, Brennan and Clapper...what's the holdup?
If you searched for this Twitter account with a browser, House GOP wants your provider to be able to sell that info, and your privacy. https://t.co/1cH5cXQMJL
Deeply troubled by WH decision to exacerbate climate change by authorizing KXL, slashing EPA and repealing regs. We MUST protect our planet.
Was today's open hearing cancelled because WH did not want Sally Yates to testify re Gen Flynn's deception? Didn't want to assert privilege? https://t.co/qO63IfPtAP
After much consideration I believe Chairman should recuse himself from involvement in investigation/oversight of Trump campaign &amp; transition https://t.co/jpfA1x80Si
.@POTUS and Congress must recognize the Armenian Genocide and denounce all crimes against humanity. Introduced bill with @RepDaveTrott: https://t.co/ouNjmbvQdw
If true, can someone please explain to @POTUS how NATO works? Unlike health care, it's not that complicated. https://t.co/Hll9epgGSX
The events of this week only underscore need for an independent commission to conduct its own Russia investigation, along with Congress. https://t.co/BI0YBoJ30P
2 words yet to hear @POTUS use: Human Rights. 2 others he should learn: Mykola Semena. Crimean journalist charged w/ “separatism” by Russia. https://t.co/2ENTRbUPNU
Thank you to thousands of people at town halls around country, who spoke out for the Affordable Care Act. Your efforts made THE difference.
The American people demand – and deserve – the truth. Congress must create an independent commission to #FollowTheFacts on Russia. https://t.co/aa3SmJ7pRI
Art of the Squeal: I blame Democrats for a bill Republicans couldn't pass. I blame Obama. I blame Australian Prime Minister &amp; Meryl Streep.. https://t.co/hhQj7vkZX7
BREAKING: Chairman just cancelled open Intelligence Committee hearing with Clapper, Brennan and Yates in attempt to choke off public info.
After seven remarkable years of a President without scandal and millions of newly insured, this is finally their chance to tear it all down. https://t.co/0HzO12YeyG
Turns out not only is healthcare hard, but governing too. Who knew? https://t.co/371kJgy1dk
.@POTUS: Obama wiretapped me!  FBI: Nope.  NSA: Nope.  DOJ: Nope.  Brits: Nope.  @POTUS: I feel partially vindicated!
The Senate should reject Neil Gorsuch. He is not a moderate in mold of Merrick Garland. Otherwise, GOP will use that deplorable tactic again
Today, Chairman Nunes shared information with WH still withheld from our committee. He cannot conduct a credible investigation this way. https://t.co/wwrp7H7JWC
Manafort worked w/ oligarch to advance Putin's interests and was Trump campaign chair when Russia released stolen docs. Another coincidence? https://t.co/RYkYBBhzqB
What kind of party deems advancing the date when people are thrown off their healthcare an improvement? What kind of President approves? https://t.co/7Xf8wh2nLt
Prefer to think of myself as a Churchillian bulldog, but I'll accept labradoodle from the @nytimes. https://t.co/UdQPSMi0PO
Today, the FBI and NSA confirmed that @POTUS accusations against Obama were baseless. Still White House persists. Credibility now below zero
FBI Director stated there’s no evidence of baseless wiretapping claim. Only remaining question: Does @POTUS have the decency to apologize? https://t.co/4zy9jp9KEg
We must pursue facts where they lead. We must reach a conclusion. So let's try  My #RussiaHearing opening statement: https://t.co/CimvYo6N2A
About to begin House Intelligence Committee hearing into Russian interference in our elections. There's a lot of questions that need answers https://t.co/3qh9nyI5Tq
The intelligence community concluded the Russians will interfere again. This is why full investigation is important to country. Please stop.
Your suggestion British wiretapped you &amp; jape with Merkel are harming our relationships with key allies. This is called "collateral damage."
As you will see during our hearing, Mr. President, there is no evidence Mr. Obama tapped your phones. This is what is called "fiction."
Mr. President, the Russians hacked our election and interfered. No one disputes this now, but you. This is what is called "fact". https://t.co/izJhR5xRrf
Here’s where we begin our investigation into Russian interference – with circumstantial evidence of collusion &amp; direct evidence of deception https://t.co/1tobpyCjkj
.@POTUS wiretap claim was patently false. May be how he did business with half truths, untruths &amp; bluster but it is no way to run a country. https://t.co/zbpHFO0Qas
Glad you think it was great, @POTUS. Would have been greater if you didn't treat NATO like protection racket, or allies like deadbeats. https://t.co/Bbn5buiR0G
More accurate list of what @POTUS has in common w/ Merkel, who has courage to confront Russia &amp; champion human rights:  1) Sadly very little
BREAKING: I just reintroduced the ORCA Act to ensure that this is the last generation of orcas who live in captivity https://t.co/xFRBaortWt https://t.co/FPEpdljWtQ
Nice to see that White House won't repeat bogus idea British Intel spied on Trump. About time they showed same respect for US Intel. https://t.co/IJIdBC3HOG
Budgets are about choices. @POTUS's chooses walls, deportations, and nukes over diplomacy, cancer research, and Meals on Wheels.
.@POTUS appears to have discussed something that, if true &amp; accurate, would be classified. Had it been anyone else he would call it a "leak" https://t.co/XedWH4CTNF
Even after the Trump Administration repackaged #MuslimBan, court still found it has same basic problem – it's arbitrary and discriminatory. https://t.co/IRL94YHFSq
"Wiretap covers a lot of different things." -@POTUS  Really? Broad enough to cover baseless accusation, distortion, fabrication &amp; deception?
Should concern all Americans @POTUS willing to make serious allegations without any basis. What happens when country needs to believe him? https://t.co/PVQjy2aLh0
Spicer says Trump was NOT subject of court approved tap, yet he is STILL confident @POTUS was bugged. How? By whom? Jack Bauer? https://t.co/wDzfMwHkqF
The DOJ today requested additional time to comply, and we are urging that they do so promptly but no later than our hearing on March 20. https://t.co/AyehMR7jYl
What @SpeakerRyan leaves out is their plan lowers premiums for young because millions of older Americans go uninsured. https://t.co/KWuULwZMha
Now we know why @SpeakerRyan rushed to pass his repeal bill; CBO says it kicks 24 million off their healthcare in next 10 years. Appalling. https://t.co/7iSqR23bf0
America is great because it is diverse, interesting, and unique.  I look for homogeneous in my milk, not my country. #DiversityIsBeautiful https://t.co/DM2l2UDCnQ
.@KellyannePolls, I want you to know I tried turning my microwave into a camera, but found it pretty awkward to take selfies.
.@realDonaldTrump promised to release his tax returns after audit, but is there one? If ever term "so-called" applied, it's to his "audit."
.@POTUS deliberately made up wiretap charges, or more troubling, he believes it. Either way, I've not seen a shred of evidence. https://t.co/A4BG0aUdXS
Did Flynn disclose he was foreign agent in security clearance review before he became Nat Sec Advisor? If WH knew, why didn't they insist? https://t.co/usomdiLXnF
Is the President putting America first, or the Trump family fortune?
Did @POTUS exclude certain countries from his Muslim ban because the Trumps are seeking or have real estate deals there?
Did China finally grant trademarks to Trump family after ten years, because @POTUS agreed to the "One China" policy?
Because @POTUS is a walking, talking violation of the Emoluments Clause, profound questions arise that the Clause was meant to avoid, like:
Many of these conflicts put the President in direct conflict with the Emoluments Clause. See @tribelaw analysis: https://t.co/JlqKC4OK4Y)
This is just one property, one project, one ethical quagmire. Conflicts exist w/ practically every Trump family property. Wake up @HouseGOP.
Trump used Mar-A-Lago dining room as open air Situation Room to discuss response North Korea missile launch. Still sounds crazy to type out!
Every major news outlet reports on Trump's meetings – and mention Mar-A-Lago. Trump also gets free press for his hotel on America's dime.
.@POTUS says he paid for hosting Shinzo Abe at the Mar-A-Lago. Maybe. But undoubtedly far less than he’s profiting from the increased dues.
Guests at Mar-A-Lago brag about being close to action, post photos of guy with nuclear codes. It is quite literally $$$ for access to @POTUS
So @POTUS makes it known that he holds important meetings with foreign leaders at Mar-A-Lago, then raises the cost of joining. Hmmmm….
.@POTUS made Mar-A-Lago his "Winter White House." It’s not. It’s a private for-profit business where dues just increased from $100k to $200k
There's no question @POTUS businesses are causing serious conflicts of interest, and pose extraordinary risks of corruption. Let me explain:
When the man who put his name on a fake university won't even put his name on the GOP bill, that's really saying something. https://t.co/5rjIyxZMDI
China just approved 38 registered trademarks for the Trump brand. Here's what the new logo looks like: Emoluments® https://t.co/8QImDoD4xH
.@POTUS loved Wikileaks when they were hurting Clinton. Hates them now. Spicer says @POTUS is consistent. He is. Always puts Trump first.
GOP spent seven years scorning Obamacare. They can't wait seven days to find out from CBO how many millions will now lose health insurance? https://t.co/rjbRlK0Kam
Women still work longer, harder, &amp; often better, for less pay. We must keep fighting for equal pay and equal rights. #InternationalWomensDay https://t.co/ubVRWJmXSb
.@POTUS made serious wiretapping allegation against @BarackObama and urged House Intel to investigate.   We accept. Americans deserve truth. https://t.co/5NiO8mT6OF
What President Trump promised: More coverage for less money. What he delivered: More money for less coverage. Read the bill! https://t.co/TvFSibbiwr
Talked with 3 constituents who just happen to have a phenomenal podcast. Honored to be a #FriendOfThePod cc: @jonfavs @TVietor08 @jonlovett https://t.co/rF3usvTswP
New #TravelBan has same flaws – list of countries arbitrary, effect counter-productive, &amp; real target is not security but faith. Here's why: https://t.co/HeBityObpM
We must accept possibility that @POTUS does not know fact from fiction, right from wrong. That wild claims are not strategic, but worse.
If Director Comey asked Justice Dept to reject @POTUS claim of illegal wiretap, did Attorney General Sessions decline, or recuse himself? https://t.co/k5K0WD1clh
.@POTUS baseless tapping claim follows familiar if deeply disturbing pattern of distraction, distortion &amp; downright fabrication. Here's how: https://t.co/gfteZUDsxH
If there's something "bad or sick," it's willingness @POTUS to make most outlandish &amp; destructive claims without a scintilla of evidence. https://t.co/D3T2pJj26E
Cannot compare @mike_pence use of personal email for government business with HRC.  In her case, bad. In his case, good. See, no comparison! https://t.co/hoTRliz8Mz
No truth to the rumor that Sean Spicer's job is at risk, even if Lavrov is better at staying on message. https://t.co/p8LJQaCNE8
Appreciate opportunity to join @Maddow tonight to discuss need to have FBI's full cooperation in our investigation.  https://t.co/bnkPqXx0xY
Flynn could've been more honest. Sessions too.  Also Spicer &amp; @KellyannePolls. Can we stipulate everyone in your Admin could be more honest? https://t.co/0u21lTlcK2
Have concluded Sessions must step down. His testimony was misleading, his explanation not credible and an independent prosecutor is needed. https://t.co/me9vUZwvQL
Director Comey today declined to answer numerous questions pertinent to the House Intel Committee's investigation. FBI must cooperate fully. https://t.co/4bGbkDta8A
First Flynn and now Sessions fail to fully or accurately disclose contacts with Russian officials before and after the campaign. What next?
If it's true that Sessions failed to disclose his meeting with Kislyak, he must recuse himself. This is not even a close call; it is a must. https://t.co/BHZH9OrVFA
Ds &amp; Rs on House Intel have now committed to investigate all aspects of Russian active measures including any collusion with Trump campaign. https://t.co/RwDusy2JOB
No, @POTUS, you cannot talk of promoting clean air and clean water and appoint someone to head the @EPA who works to undermine both.
No, @POTUS, you can't speak of investing in women's health when your party would eliminate funding for @PPFA. That's height of hypocrisy.
How can @POTUS talk of allowing displaced persons to return home, when he won't provide them refuge when they're endangered and in need?
Yes @POTUS, U.S. is better off when there's less conflict. But when you cut diplomacy &amp; development funding, we get more conflict not less.
No @POTUS: You aren't draining the swamp of corruption. When you allow your family to be enriched by your office, the WH is the swamp.
No @POTUS: Obamacare isn't collapsing. It's more popular than ever. If you cause millions to lose healthcare, you'll be held responsible.
For all who continue to ask: Will this President act to unite the country? Can he grow in the job? The answer tonight was a discouraging NO.
I sincerely hope @realDonaldTrump didn't write this entire speech. He has enough trouble with 140 characters. #JointAddress https://t.co/N5dMlWHFan
Obama's to blame for leaks, generals for Yemen raid, &amp; opponents for anti-Semitism. Most of all, I blame Truman for putting the buck on me. https://t.co/3WivPgGPER
Generals will tell you, "cut diplomacy or development and you better buy more bullets." Looks like Trump aims to do just that. Big mistake. https://t.co/YAPCTf3crU
Whether the Russians colluded with U.S. persons, including the Trump campaign, must be thoroughly investigated.   Here's why: https://t.co/INY4C0QXwJ
Cosponsoring @JerryNadler Res of Inquiry to get docs from DOJ about Trump's potential conflicts of interest.  House GOP must go on record.
Films "create empathy between us and others, an empathy we need today more than ever." -Asghar Farhadi #Oscars
Can someone please see if @AlecBaldwin is available to fill in? https://t.co/jbCqHsnEqW
Wow, pretty devious of Democrats to get Russians to hack them, so they could then illegally leak about it. https://t.co/hj5I8RTRIw
Every Representative has responsibility to hear from their constituents. No excuses.   We all need to step up, listen, and then act. https://t.co/wDw106xEnq
So many showed up to our town hall, we filled the overflow room too.  Important to hear from everyone here tonight. https://t.co/XecmiNFMcS
Amazing turnout tonight for our town hall on the President's travel ban. It's fantastic to see so many engaged. https://t.co/oOrKn6qPGp
About to host a town hall about the #TravelBan at Glendale Community College.  You can watch LIVE here:  https://t.co/j8OE5QwVTd
Intelligence Community is not President's PR firm. They provide insights and analysis so we can make good decisions and protect the country. https://t.co/agw6JCyewY
Any contact between the White House and the FBI about any pending case poses grave risk to integrity of an investigation. Here's why: https://t.co/Hhq8Iw3Bin
I'm with you, Mr. President. Leaks are bad. You'd have more credibility though if you hadn't APPLAUDED the leaks against Secretary Clinton. https://t.co/qyvQgzYXEv
Thanks to my colleague @CongCulberson for joining me at a town hall today @NASAJPL to discuss support for planetary and earth science. https://t.co/r7tu5fbBxA
Trump White House asks for DHS intel to back its claims about refugee program. Real risk of politicizing analysis, will not end well. https://t.co/gp0uGvZfKW
Trans rights are human rights. With all the progress we've made, suicides among LGBT youth have declined. This is no time to reverse course. https://t.co/Otg1OcDCbP
Does GOP really believe those coming out to protest in streets and townhalls are paid? Wake up. This is organic, motivated by real concerns. https://t.co/GAN8jMp0fp
Give me your tired poor &amp; huddled masses yearning to breathe free*  *Offer not valid for Muslims in Iraq, Sudan, Syria, Iran, Somalia, Yemen
Meet the new ban. Same as the old ban. Still aimed at Muslims. Still counterproductive. Still unconstitutional. #MuslimBan https://t.co/Kc1cpAjvR9
Congratulations to all those exercising their first amendment rights for joining the proud ranks of the "so-called" https://t.co/uZlfiFw8oW
Deeply disturbed to see bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers across the U.S. and rise in anti-Semitism. Must stop now.  #JCC
McMaster is solid choice, bright &amp; strategic. Wrote the book on importance of standing up to POTUS. May need to show same independence here. https://t.co/iGL2xjZDwG
Now our President slanders an ally, just so he doesn't have to admit he got his facts wrong. Again. #SwedenIncident https://t.co/Qwy8PxTmyA
Calling the press the enemy is an appalling affront to First Amendment. That's something you hear tin-pot dictators say, not U.S. President. https://t.co/aTFuH6bU1j
.@POTUS called for a leak investigation because General Flynn's falsehood was exposed, not because the leaks damaged our national security. https://t.co/vrye7pXM6r
It's difficult to be shocked by new President. But that he calls a free press the enemy of the people is most dangerous &amp; abhorrent act yet.
Somewhere Richard Nixon is looking down and thinking "yikes tone it down man!" https://t.co/yGrdl0faTC
Very troubled by Pruitt confirmation. A climate science denier has no place at head of EPA. Stay engaged- protecting the planet is up to us.
Know you want to keep us guessing on next NSA -- ratings! But nation's security a bit more important. Pick someone you don't have to fire. https://t.co/hFYTynsuJO
Sorry to see Admiral Harward turn down National Security Advisor. Trump needs someone experienced, smart, and steady. The whole country does https://t.co/QeVm3OGvxw
"My administration is running like a fine-tuned machine." -@POTUS   "It's a doomsday machine!" -Doctor Strangelove https://t.co/PlSkEWUVBG
Russian meddled – fake news! General Flynn lied – fake news! VP wasn’t informed – fake news! But you fired Flynn – fa ... leaks! https://t.co/w0L3FeEyZm
Sent letter with @NancyPelosi demanding briefing on Flynn’s contacts with Russian officials &amp; unredacted transcripts of these conversations. https://t.co/fGVoD6QfmF
Thank you Mr. President. Your electoral college victory is surely a great comfort to Jewish Community Centers receiving bomb threats. https://t.co/QpUtJeGQBe
The Trumpian view when someone informs your spouse that you've been cheating on them: "Honey, the real issue is the leak!"
Real scandal here is @POTUS knew Flynn lied about Russian contacts and did nothing about it until the leak. Stop whining. #ActLikeAPresident https://t.co/eZ1tc8k0S0
Were Trump campaign officials colluding with the Russians? Was Flynn? @SpeakerRyan must allow an independent commission. #FollowTheFacts
No, @realDonaldTrump, the real story is your policy of appeasement towards Putin.  And we intend to find out why. https://t.co/vNnXNgo70k
Here's what's bothering me: Flynn's lie about Russia didn't bring him down. Exposure of lie did. WH knew weeks ago &amp; did nothing. Why?
Flynn had to resign after misleading country. But questions remain: Did President or others know or approve his contacts with Russia? https://t.co/3F5r7iKP9b
Not a mental health expert, but there does seem to be a pathological quality to fact @realDonaldTrump cannot accept adverse facts... https://t.co/PRK0ch7XeB
Let's not forget Flynn attacked his predecessor, Susan Rice, relentlessly, falsely and unjustly for misleading on Benghazi. He needs to go.
In LA, those "others" are fathers &amp; mothers, whose children are terrified, and whose only crime may have been coming here for a better life. https://t.co/DRBxTqz9bh
.@realDonaldTrump praises his senior policy advisor for refusing to answer questions about General Flynn. How long can they stonewall? https://t.co/vHSAtdw3PF
If you count @realDonaldTrump alienating our allies, offending an entire faith, and diminishing our standing in the world...he has a point. https://t.co/IK85WfKGAk
Spoke with @maddow on MSNBC about General Flynn's reported calls with the Russian Ambassador. Very important story: https://t.co/3WDlN2EK2e
Dear diary,   Day 24. Starting to think there's more to being President than tweets and hats...   -@realdonaldtrump https://t.co/Zw9Us0UGeP
.@KellyannePolls serving as Trump product pitchwoman from White House clearly violates ethics rules. @OfficeGovEthics must investigate. https://t.co/OHvfpQ6JG5
.@realDonaldTrump counsels @KellyannePolls on ethics violation:  Overstocked on hand bags. Next time, push the hand bags.
If General Flynn secretly discussed with Russia undermining US sanctions, and misled American people, he can no longer serve. https://t.co/FdqhRL41Bw
9th Circuit upheld stay of executive order! Any way you "so-call" it, this is a victory for religious liberty and the separation of powers.
.@KellyannePolls pitches Trump family products from White House. Will someone please tell her she works for taxpayers, not QVC?
.@realDonaldTrump just accused McCain of helping our enemies. I like Presidents who don't get caught -- slandering heroes.
When Trump calls out California, we wear it like a badge of honor. When he attacks our state, we steel our resistance. #ProudlyOutOfControl https://t.co/sKaejjRjLi
.@SenateGOP wants to silence the voice of @SenWarren and ignore history.  We won't let that happen. Read Coretta Scott King's letter below. https://t.co/z2pAVE8B8e
If religious liberty is preserved as it should be, U.S. will still carefully vet those entering the country AND have security. Democracy! https://t.co/QpigqGtd03
Senate just confirmed Betsy DeVos for @usedgov. Her only relevant experience – giving millions to GOP.    Swamp: 1 Kids and grizzlies: 0
Here's the thing. Obama made deal to stop Iran's nuclear program. Any deal you might have is for profit. For you. Release your tax returns. https://t.co/ZL9zG6grPV
We believe in dreamers, climate change and healthcare for all. We build futures, not walls. We are Californians. We are #ProudlyOutOfControl
I'll fight GOP efforts to repeal #ACA because health insurance is a matter of life or death for millions. We will protect and improve it. https://t.co/YjNBEf4pMp
Trump attacks NYT, SNL, negative polls, allies &amp; federal judges. But lets Putin get away with murder. Literally. In Ukraine. Aleppo. Moscow. https://t.co/hDvGjcwMN0
.@POTUS again defends Putin by belittling US. Does Trump really think US is moral equivalent of Russian thug-ocracy? Does he want it to be? https://t.co/v85WqZHuqc
I believe it's called a constitutional democracy. What do you call a president who doesn't respect the separation of powers? A bad hombre. https://t.co/8YrJK7bBhL
This "so-called" judge was nominated by a "so-called" President &amp; was confirmed by the "so-called" Senate. Read the "so-called" Constitution https://t.co/xQotyL1kHM
Another ruling blocking #MuslimBan. We must ensure government is complying with these orders, even pending appeal, until it's rescinded. https://t.co/Hxwu81zsEs
What are we to understand from Trump's quotes around "evil"? Refugees are evil? Only Muslim refugees? How about bigotry? That's pretty evil.
.@POTUS took strong stand against Dr. Evil, effectively barring him from country. Unclear whether the ban would include his clone, Mini Me. https://t.co/3I0dKMj37E
Disturbed to see explosive devise in Pasadena. Been in touch with DHS &amp; Chief Sanchez. Will be staying on top of this; glad nobody was hurt. https://t.co/uYhQevVv2v
It's #WearRedDay! As Co-Chair of the House Congenital Heart Caucus, I invite you to join me &amp; @NIH_NHLBI to raise awareness for #HeartMonth! https://t.co/d7E3FBiLhI
Where were you when #BowlingGreenMasacre didn't happen? I was in Stockholm, getting a Nobel Prize. It was awesome. https://t.co/9khUttoC4J
When @realDonaldTrump said "Make America Great Again" I guess he meant "Let Wall Street Rip Off The American People Again" https://t.co/lMZbe8yVtx
Sorry! Doing best to keep up with so many calls alarmed by Trump's tweets, actions, presidency. Keep trying or email https://t.co/kAtD8LYS4Z https://t.co/cCyaAT94AR
President Trump scorns our closest allies and has nothing but praise for Vladimir Putin. It's one thing to put America first, but Russia? https://t.co/2GELLbmQ7c
Before @POTUS shows such disrespect again, he should consider only one nation has stood with us in every war of the last century – Australia https://t.co/VQlUuEovfy
Hey @GOPleader real question: are you going to let @realDonaldTrump take away UC funding in a temper tantrum? Asking for all Californians... https://t.co/wPetEmGW7d
.@realDonaldTrump spoke of religious liberty this morning at Prayer Breakfast. How he can square this with #MuslimBan, only God knows.
Love this old photo of me and my Little Brother David from the 1980's. #BeAMentor like I was for @BBBSLA – it’s life-changing! https://t.co/qtGNBjCMMb
Pentagon must provide info on Russian payments to Gen. Flynn, including for 2015 RT gala in Moscow. Serious issue under Emoluments Clause. https://t.co/IDrSkiITHV
Trump insists his Muslim ban is not a ban on Muslims. To paraphrase Chico Marx, "Who are you going to believe, me or your lying ... ears?" https://t.co/oAgxokBc4r
Always been strong supporter of animal welfare. Thanks @HumaneSociety for recognizing my work in your '16 scorecard! https://t.co/0FhvRGgzuv
Judge Gorsuch is not a moderate like Merrick Garland.  Senate Dems MUST reject and filibuster, if necessary, Trump's Supreme Court nominee. https://t.co/N1xsXXVnV5
It's not too late to sign up for health insurance - the deadline is tonight at midnight! Visit https://t.co/Tx7w39S4gu to enroll. #ACAWorks https://t.co/xACE1P8z5Y
If @POTUS SCOTUS nominee less moderate than Garland, Dems should filibuster. Republicans cannot be rewarded for denying Obama appointment.
Just cosponsored @RepZoeLofgren bill to undo President Trump's #MuslimBan executive order.  Will any House GOP have the courage to sponsor? https://t.co/R45DiktmEy
Sally Yates proved she would stand up to the President. I have no confidence Jeff Sessions would.   I'd vote no.    https://t.co/MTzTgsmqPM
Just a reminder: the last time an Attorney General was forced out for taking a principled stand was by President Nixon.
Acting Attorney General made right call, refusing to defend the indefensible. #MuslimBan counter-productive, inhumane and unconstitutional. https://t.co/1voHu7rl6b
Just joined Democratic congressional colleagues at the steps of the Supreme Court to protest the #MuslimBan. We must hold @POTUS accountable https://t.co/g6ND52cTg2
Horrified by attack last night at a Quebec mosque. Everyone deserves to worship safely. Prayers to victims &amp; loved ones.
"Get with the program or go" is White House advice for @StateDept personnel who disagree with EO. They would stifle all dissent. Horrendous. https://t.co/er361JSJo6
Steve Bannon &amp; his extreme views have NO place on National Security Council. Politicizes national security. Dangerous departure from past. https://t.co/zhQgQ4eH1p
Trump White House risks alienating entire Muslim world, playing into the hands of ISIS and Al Qaeda. General Flynn: Is this what you want? https://t.co/FBPXLfpyO3
When will @SpeakerRyan and House GOP demonstrate same love of country? Thank you Senators McCain and Graham for condemning #MuslimBan. https://t.co/kPBmARbv0m
Deeply saddened by the loss of one of our servicemembers in Yemen. Our special forces are best in the world. Terrible loss. https://t.co/wLQKMZRkRp
A President with aptitude and conviction wouldn't spend their time complaining about bad press and run the country with dignity. https://t.co/bjGuRHJHOF
Court made right call to suspend #MuslimBan as it applies to visa holders. Fight is not over until EO rescinded. No religious tests in U.S. https://t.co/BcoUPV7OWn
Just sent letter to @DHSgov Secretary on #MuslimBan. DHS must immediately make info on Executive Order public to help those seeking redress. https://t.co/AELOK5ejB9
Candidate Trump: I have a secret plan to defeat ISIS and I know better than the Generals.  President Trump: My plan is to ask the Generals.
It's on us in the Minority to rise up to defend the constitution &amp; American values. Turning away refugees isn't what we stand for #MuslimBan https://t.co/ySUVZuEYtG
.@POTUS #MuslimBan flies in face of values of religious freedom this country was founded on. These are actions of a weak and fearful leader. https://t.co/mNceQhlAoG
Happy Lunar New Year to all! My warmest wishes for happiness, health and good fortune in the Year of the Rooster. Gong Xi Fa Cai!
It would represent a dangerous first step in the institutionalization of prejudice against practitioners of a certain faith.
It would turn away women and children fleeing violence unless they worship in the right way or to the right God.
Donald Trump's executive order today establishes a religious test for those coming from certain Muslim countries. Period.
Shameful. That President Trump issued this order on Holocaust Remembrance Day demonstrates what a poor student of history the President is. https://t.co/BT7REHU1hb
A religious test for refugees isn't extreme vetting, only an extreme violation of our history in a nation founded on religious liberty.
On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, we recommit that "Never Again" is more than a phrase, but a promise. Here's a powerful example @Stl_Manifest
An investigation...to justify a false statement...to justify an absurd tweet. There is a fraud going on here, but not among voters. https://t.co/cVnyHLS7Xc
Is Trump really prepared to alienate our neighbor and trading partner on absurd and childish claim Mexico will pay to wall itself off? https://t.co/6dW2f9lpBO
Torture doesn't work. Intelligence Community and military both agree. Stop watching 24 on TV, and start listening to General Mattis. https://t.co/pif80uwKoQ
A freeze on refugees, with exceptions made for non-Muslims, is religious test and abhorrent in a nation founded on religious liberty. Shame. https://t.co/r2JpqJNwZW
House Intelligence Committee is continuing to conduct bipartisan inquiry of Russian attacks. We will follow the facts wherever they may lead https://t.co/BpYWvM7no4
Return to torture and black sites would do terrible damage to our intel community, alliances, nation and standing in the world. Never again.
.@POTUS decision to advance #KeystoneXL &amp; #DAPL puts corporate profits ahead of climate science, protecting of water. Another step backwards
Voting NO on #HR7. Eliminating comprehensive insurance coverage for women leaves millions in danger. Her body, her choice.
With every patently false statement, President gives us less reason to believe anything he says, and world less reason to believe in America https://t.co/pUOwJrLYva
Any SCOTUS pick @POTUS nominates should be as moderate as Merrick Garland. Otherwise, Dems should vigorously oppose, filibuster if necessary
President Trump repeats patently false claim that millions illegally voted. They should have come to inauguration -- plenty of empty seats. https://t.co/HnN9aCRUMD
#TrumpGlobalGag deprives vulnerable women around the world of critical health services. Is this how you "respect" women, Mr. President? https://t.co/OrfyKltqji
This how @POTUS looks out for little guy? By cutting healthcare for poor? That is what block granting Medicaid means. #AnotherBrokenPromise https://t.co/nhDf8AChxO
This is what democracy looks like. Proud so many of my constituents marched in LA &amp; DC for the #WomensMarch . We will not be silent! https://t.co/le5Vn5zuEx
If Trump can't handle press on crowd size, just wait until they report on economy, budget, healthcare. Anything unfavorable he will call lie
Today, @realDonaldTrump used memorial wall at CIA as mere backdrop. "I love honesty," he said. They do, they did. You don't.
We're marching today because immigrants made this nation great. We're marching because women's rights are human rights. #WomensMarch
We're marching because we will not be silent in the face of hate. We're marching for everyone who can't be with us here in DC! #WomensMarch https://t.co/6fVlnvWhSo
Concern for middle class is all talk. @POTUS first exec action makes mortgages more expensive. https://t.co/Xtkdl43IU8
To quote President Kennedy, we will not "permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this nation has always been committed."
Today, we heard President Trump's dystopian message for America. Tomorrow, we march to show him we will not be silent!   Let's get to work.
President Trump's dark portrait of America, crime ridden &amp; weak, makes me long for Obama. Miss his optimism &amp; hope and its only been an hour
What I heard resoundingly at my #ACA town hall: constituents fear losing their coverage - and for good reason. We will fight GOP repeal. https://t.co/fjhr0iGiWm
Thanks, Obama. https://t.co/h8FKqiaAte
Packed house at last night's ACA forum! Thanks to @ChildrensLA, @healthaccess, @PPFA, and all constituents who came &amp; shared their stories. https://t.co/fwunHJbDbR
It would be funny if not so ludicrous – Betsy Devos said we need guns in schools to protect kids from ... grizzly bears. #NotOneMore https://t.co/9V3g0VzBRO
Mnuchin’s OneWest bank foreclosed on hundreds of my constituents. We don't need a foreclosure expert at Treasury. https://t.co/zp3N2AGrgw
No time for a "learning curve" - this is our nuclear arsenal. Can anyone give three reasons why the Senate should confirm @GovernorPerry? https://t.co/lX9jBjjwaG
Standing room only tonight at our town hall on the Affordbale Act Act at @ChildrensLA. Thank you all for coming out! #ACAworks https://t.co/RzwC6yTMVv
Climate denier Scott Pruitt is the last person who should head the EPA - especially since we know 2016 was Earth's hottest year on record. https://t.co/IpMhqXmP2W
"We are the only country in the advanced world that makes it harder to vote, rather than easier."  —@POTUS
Tonight I'm hosting an Affordable Care Act forum @ChildrensLA with reps from @healthaccess and @PPFA - all constituents are invited! https://t.co/Xyoge5J4IM
Dear Tom Price: Access ≠ Coverage.  What's your plan to cover the 20 million covered by the ACA? (cc @SpeakerRyan)
Happy birthday to our amazing @FLOTUS, Michelle Obama! We will miss your grace and intellect in the White House! https://t.co/X29PbxPjLd
After career working to gut public education funding and stacking the deck against public schools, will Betsy DeVos suddenly change? Nope.
Unconscionable. CBO says 32 million Americans will lose their healthcare if the ACA is repealed and premiums will double. #CaretoChaos https://t.co/dFRPkPz62w
On Friday, I'll attend inauguration. Trump might not respect our democracy, but I do. On Saturday I march to protest https://t.co/XrrWrDu5u9
Gutting Medicare is bad enough,  but Tom Price also invested in a med device company days before introducing a bill to directly benefit it. https://t.co/zTIOtHou2e
There's profound question whether Dir. Comey is employing double standard with the Clinton investigation &amp; any possible Trump investigation. https://t.co/PyiBSt26ev
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. through his voice and actions helped bring change to a broken nation.  Dr. King's work is not done. https://t.co/8FktPTf6LQ
Trump's more critical of our long-time close allies - NATO, EU &amp; Germany - than of Putin's Russia. His comments are ill-informed &amp; dangerous https://t.co/Tg83jxWRjl
.@realDonaldTrump you're days away from being Commander-in-Chief. Country needs you to start acting like it. Stop complaining. Start leading
Let's look at Syria (civilians bombed), Crimea (invaded/annexed), Ukraine (occupied/destabilized), nukes (threatening)...&amp; you praise Putin? https://t.co/zo1UbbGSh5
This is what happens when intel chief tells @realDonaldTrump something he doesn't want to hear. He doesn't listen; just shoots the messenger https://t.co/56g8rJnb4P
Health insurance is life &amp; death for millions. ACA isn't perfect and I'd work to improve it  But I won't let GOP take it away without fight!
We have one President at a time. Trump team should not try to undercut what Obama did with sanctions on Russia for meddling in our election. https://t.co/AKAWjxCue6
John Lewis has used his voice to change a nation.   @realDonaldTrump uses his to try and silence those who disagree with him. https://t.co/kBWCIc1Yv3
Just voted NO on GOP budget gimmick to repeal #ACA. GOP would throw millions off their healthcare without a plan to replace their coverage. https://t.co/NGsrbEsqSp
Went looking for the Republican healthcare plan on @SpeakerRyan's website. Took some searching, but here it is: https://t.co/Lx7vmmplMF
Good. The American people must know that our law enforcement is free from politics, no matter who is in White House or running to occupy it. https://t.co/8hyF6m6dmX
.@RepMikePompeo accepts conclusions of IC on Russia hack, pledges to continue robust collection on Russia. He must speak truth to power.
We will hold @RepMikePompeo to his pledge to adhere to Army Field Manual. There is no question that torture is unconstitutional and immoral.
Good opening statement by CIA Nominee @RepMikePompeo. Acknowledged CIA role is apolitical &amp; we must set politics aside. We all count on it.
If you really want to know what Director Clapper said to @realDonaldTrump, don’t rely on Donald Trump’s tweets. Rely on Clapper’s statement. https://t.co/ch0voN3Fet
Dems know #ACA isn’t perfect. But we want to improve and strengthen it. Because GOP has no alternative, we have a chance to win this fight. https://t.co/nmBFu1LacH
DNI Clapper right to condemn leaks; @realDonaldTrump wrong to mischaracterize him. DNI made no judgment on reliability. Read his statement. https://t.co/8foElwcQrb
.@realDonaldTrump claims he cannot have conflicts of interest. That's simply not true, and nobody outside the Trump payroll is buying it. https://t.co/l8ihgzrUk4
CNN is "disgraceful." Buzzfeed is a "failing pile of garbage." He invokes Nazi Germany... but isn't this how book burning begins?
.@realDonaldTrump comparing the Intelligence Community to Nazi Germany. A new low. These men and woman who serve our country are PATRIOTS!
No, @realDonaldTrump, you have conflict of interest problem. It's called the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution. Release your tax returns
.@realDonaldTrump: Stop attacking the intelligence agencies. Not their job to protect your reputation. It's their job to protect the country https://t.co/tBS5hjTH3l
Questions for Rex Tillerson: Will you stand up to Putin? Will you champion sanctions even when they hurt the interests of your oil company?
Rex Tillerson was given special friendship medal from Kremlin &amp; spent entire career at company with interests often at odds with our nation.
No, thank you, Mr. President. Thank you. #ThanksObama
"Yes We Can. Yes We Did. Yes We Can." —@POTUS #ThanksObama
"I am asking you to believe. Not in my ability to bring about change – but in yours." —@POTUS #ThanksObama
"Our Constitution is a remarkable, beautiful gift. We ...give it power – with our participation and choices we make." —@POTUS #ThanksObama
"The long sweep of America has been defined by forward motion, constant widening of our founding creed to embrace all." —@POTUS #ThanksObama
Yes, this is why we serve. "Not to score points or take credit, but to make people's lives better." —@POTUS #ThanksObama
“You answered people’s hopes, and because of you…America is a better, stronger place than it was when we started." —@POTUS #ThanksObama
"Change only happens when ordinary people get involved, get engaged, and come together to demand it.” —@POTUS #ThanksObama
8 years of economic growth and millions of new jobs. More Americans with access to health care than ever before. #ThanksObama
Step 1: Throw 20 million Americans off healthcare plans. Throw healthcare industry into crisis. Step 2: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #MakeAmericaSickAgain https://t.co/1v6i3Wt83V
For your kids' sake - and mine - vaccinate your children! TRUST SCIENCE, not baseless and debunked medical theories. https://t.co/JPvfXG9dfn
Question for Sen Sessions: Will you fight efforts to disenfranchise minority voters? If not, your confirmation should be vigorously opposed.
Sessions was nominated for AG. He must ensure justice for all, but his past votes have opposed reproductive health, civil rights &amp; justice.
.@realDonaldTrump's cabinet nominations should give pause to each and every citizen concerned about Trump's dystopian vision for America. https://t.co/RLKXDsQ7U0
In memory of the slain Orlando police officer and to honor National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, I'll keep this blue light on tonight. https://t.co/m2PWIKIRB8
I'm proud of the steps our country has made towards LGBT equality. Much work remains, at home and especially abroad. https://t.co/I4eELlZCXP
I grieve for lives lost in yesterday's attack in Jerusalem. We will work with our ally Israel to strengthen security and defeat terrorism.
Know what's more serious @realDonaldTrump? You're outraged about everything BUT Russia hacking our elections. https://t.co/Wm0ksFoKjk
.@realDonaldTrump needs to realize: No one is doing more right now to call into question the legitimacy of a Trump presidency than he is.
The Russian hack is not just about your election, but attack on all liberal democracies. D's and R's need to work on comprehensive response.
Here's the point: the Russians did hack and meddle. And we need you to accept that, @realDonaldTrump, so we can do something about it.
Whether it had decisive impact we will never know. Not intelligence community's job to try &amp; guess. Their job is to tell what happened &amp; why
We get it. You won. But intelligence said no such thing. Daily dumping of Russian-hacked material against Clinton clearly had major impact. https://t.co/DX9dgBaj3m
Gross negligence by Donald Trump to urge foreign adversary to hack his opponent's campaign. Worse than negligence to deny it when Russia did https://t.co/bXcUCL4XaS
Thinking of the families of victims and those injured in the Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting. Absolutely horrifying.
Trump's statement Russian hacking had "absolutely no effect on outcome of the election" is not supported by briefing, report or common sense
... but was also motivated by the desire to help Donald Trump’s election chances by discrediting Secretary Hillary Clinton.
The report makes it clear that Russian intervention was directed by Putin himself &amp; was designed not only to sow discord in United States...
.@ODNIgov released their declassified report on Russian hacking &amp; meddling in our elections (https://t.co/gklXXDkYrH). Here's my statement: https://t.co/ZBGvL1YKtk
Of all issues implicated by Russian active measures, this is what you want to investigate? This is your top priority for intel committees? https://t.co/8K7tgGij2o
Good news: Trump's SEC pick Jay Clayton isn't another Wall Street billionaire.   Bad news: He's their lawyer. https://t.co/21cpGs9ygi
Trump is choosing to promote Assange and ignore our Intelligence Community. I'm running out of adjectives and expletives to describe this. https://t.co/SMCs3RiPJz
I stand with @PPFA, @NARAL and all Americans who believe women deserve access to critical health services provided by #ACA. #ProtectOurCare
This is the @realDonaldTrump birther playbook. "Many people are saying...I'm just asking questions." Always awful. Dangerous as POTUS.
Your job isn't spokesman for an organization and man who put American lives at risk. #ActLikeAPresident https://t.co/V4k0ot9Mg4
Promise kept: @realDonaldTrump finally revealed what he knows about Russian hacking that others don't.   Not a thing.
.@CoryBooker thanks for the treats, and showing me that being vegan doesn't mean you always have to be healthy! https://t.co/0tQIcm9foJ
That Trump would accept self-serving denials of Kremlin is alarming enough. Citing Assange takes him into new &amp; more treacherous territory.
When Trump belittles the Intelligence Community, he impairs our national security and prospects for the success of his own Administration.
With every conspiracy theory-laden tweet Trump does damage to national security, while raising concerns about his capacity to grow into job.
Glad Pentagon is doing right thing – it’s important to provide relief to soldiers who served our country and accepted bonuses in good faith. https://t.co/pUfzYM3YSb
.@POTUS underscores importance of ACA to millions who would otherwise go w/o healthcare. For some, it's literally a matter of life and death https://t.co/Ifdo2POHdQ
Trump slams intelligence community again, puts confidence in accused sex offender who published millions of State Dept docs at US peril. Wow https://t.co/btmH42Qsyg
This week @realDonaldTrump promises "new" info about Russian hacking only he knows. Next week, what really happened at Roswell! https://t.co/Z3KP3Kummo
.@SpeakerRyan wants to fine Democrats for photos like these to stifle any dissent. We will keep fighting. https://t.co/aekRFtXRR1
Thank you, @SenatorBoxer, for four decades of service to the State of California. You taught us the art of tough and will be greatly missed. https://t.co/Q72esBUFz9
Sadly, GOP rules changes fit a theme. Trump won’t divest or be transparent. 1st act of Congress – gut ethics oversight, silence free speech.
Make no mistake – @HouseGOP proposed rules will completely neuter independent Office of Congressional Ethics. Swamp: 1, American People: 0. https://t.co/hKQgXheKrM
.@SpeakerRyan trying to silence debate on gun control. I will keep fighting to curb gun violence, no matter what. https://t.co/DtL0m67kyf
Will vote NO on @HouseGOP rules changes. Will weaken ethics rules and stifle free speech. #AbsolutePowerCorrupts
Spoke with @rachelnpr on NPR's @MorningEdition about the need for Congress to investigate Russian hacking &amp; meddling https://t.co/JMztJM9NxY
Voting at night on a holiday to neuter Office of Congressional Ethics doesn't sound like draining the swamp to me. https://t.co/s9mJrq8ZWR
New Years Day may have been yesterday, but today is our own New Years tradition – the Pasadena #RoseParade! Only in Southern California! https://t.co/SvRZTQQPMl
Prayers are with victims and their loved ones around the world affected by last night's terror attack in Turkey. Investigation is ongoing. https://t.co/lv96ob9Cv3
Trump needs to stop denigrating the US intelligence community. It's damaging our country and his own prospects for a successful presidency. https://t.co/7BxfAlTgax
You'll see Dems and GOP come together on a strong sanctions package. Current actions are meaningful but more is needed to deter Russia. https://t.co/aL3Bo03fuP
Russia didn't just steal data, they weaponized it.They dumped it with the intent of influencing our elections and sowing discord in the US. https://t.co/yruzDXWwWM
Trump says he knows things others don't re: Russian hacking. He must stop talking this way if he wants to have any credibility as President. https://t.co/PBOY8YPDef
Rabbit rabbit!
More murder by Azerbaijan along LOC. 3 soldiers killed in Artsakh. U.S. must condemn/insist on monitoring equipment. https://t.co/XPnzSDXCQh
Putin IS smart. Knows he can get much of what he wants from @realDonaldTrump through little more than flattery.  Sad, and dangerous. https://t.co/9gfDxEF3U3
Congress failed to pass new war authorization #AUMF targeting ISIS. Now there are few limits on what Trump can do and it's deeply troubling. https://t.co/88SSpFPeda
Will be joining @AriMelber on MSNBC's @maddow show at 9 pm ET/6 pm PT to discuss the new sanctions against Russia for election meddling.
These sanctions reinforce commitment to democracy. Make no mistake-Putin's target wasn't Clintons/Dems, but our entire system of governance. https://t.co/SMXUk9FHH6
Getting on with our lives shouldn't mean ignoring a foreign attack on our democracy, just because it helped @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/QXBFVRSQC3
Instead of acting on gun violence, @SpeakerRyan and his team move instead to punish those who do. Shame on them. https://t.co/HWKsTH0Q9V
What Russia did in our election was utterly unprecedented. My Q&amp;A with @TheAtlantic : https://t.co/xDBmBFrctE
Russia attacked our democracy. That demands a bipartisan and joint inquiry by Congress. My @PostOpinions oped: https://t.co/051QeMUUeU
Happy Hanukkah &amp; Merry Christmas! Tonight my family will light the menorah's second candle. How special it is for these holidays to overlap!
Unilateral resolutions don't advance cause of peace. Urge Admin to make every effort to oppose its being brought forward, veto if necessary. https://t.co/G98pszU4ya
Dear Donald Trump. You're new to this so here's a list of things to tweet about instead of nuclear weapons.  1.) Literally anything. https://t.co/1FzIdzB1tV
As Holidays approach, I hope people enjoy family &amp; friends and aren't deterred by events in Berlin. We can't let these attacks intimidate us https://t.co/pKLSyB3vNG
The only way out of this box is to fully divest. Trump has said he doesn’t care about his business interests anymore. Time to prove it.
Turning day to day management over to children doesn't solve problem. “Princelings” are a feature of many kleptocracies around the world.
Imagine if Trump's gratitude or anger bleeds out – muddying America's foreign policy in ways that elude accountability.
What if a country pays fair market price to stay in a Trump hotel? Not good enough. The Clause prohibits payment even for services rendered.
They'll assume it's advantageous to promote a Trump organization, stay at Trump hotels or eliminate hurdles to Trump developments.
Foreign states will tread carefully around Trump’s private interests, hoping to avoid his wrath and curry favor. We've seen this already.
Given Trump’s lack of transparency on taxes and business interests, many of these potential conflicts will be hidden from public.
Trump’s very attached to his businesses. Easy to imagine he'll be affected by his own perceptions of how countries deal with his company.
There’s no question the Emoluments Clause applies to POTUS – including Trump. Severe remedies if its violated, including impeachment.
It simply provides that no federal office holder can accept payment from a foreign nation without the explicit approval of Congress.
The Emoluments Clause isn’t well known, but it was very important to the Framers who worried about foreign influence in a young Republic.
Trump must divest completely to prevent conflicts of interest. Why?   The Constitution's Emoluments Clause. What’s that? Let me explain:
North Carolina had another opportunity to be on right side of history. Deeply distressing #HB2 still on books. #LoveTrumpsHate https://t.co/0uieJDiBUQ
Thoughts are with those grieving for lost loved ones after the tragic fireworks explosion in Mexico. https://t.co/2RKWsBJh2p
Would be mistake by Trump Administration to eliminate Counter Terrorism Position at NSC, or Office of Director of National Intelligence.
Can't yet verify ISIS claim that Berlin attack was by its soldier, but certainly resembles truck massacre in Nice. https://t.co/Jg4YJBNCoq
Deeply distressed by apparent truck attack in Berlin. Awaiting further information before reaching conclusions. Our hearts are with Germany. https://t.co/BucRRDxjms
So much common agreement on basic facts of Russian hacking. That should be enough to conduct a bipartisan House-Senate investigation. https://t.co/2x4TqBVOEz
Trump WILL face a national security crisis. He'll then need to rely on intelligence, and Americans will need to be able to believe him.
Deeply damaging to the country for @realDonaldTrump to continue giving Russian's deniability in their hacking and meddling in our elections. https://t.co/Cz3vHpq8H3
President Obama can and must declassify as much as possible about Russia hacking our elections. Rest assured, Trump won't. https://t.co/ONM8N0kCMl
I've said it before, I'll say it again: Better climate than Hoth, more visitors &amp; tourists than Mos Eisley spaceport, Sith-free since ’93! https://t.co/guFrVAKPG9
I'll be talking with @MarthaRaddatz on @ThisWeekABC this Sunday about Russian hacking our elections and what we should do about it.
Important our response take place now. I have little confidence Trump will take actions necessary to make Russians pay any price for hacking
Glad @POTUS added his voice to intelligence agencies in expressing  his firm conviction Russians were behind the hacking. My full statement: https://t.co/pLT8jfg2DC
There will come a time during Trump Presidency when he needs the American people to believe him AND the intelligence community. What then?" https://t.co/fqpdeg6PU2
Trump was beneficiary of Russian hacking this time, but he may be the target if he crosses Putin. He must realize this is a real prospect. https://t.co/R90spchVnH
Since Russia did hack and DNI said so, why did @realDonaldTrump not condemn, but condone? Why does Trump still give Russians cover? https://t.co/SVjbd7BvV0
.@GovernorPerry wants to abolish DOE, Pruitt wants to dismantle EPA, and Puzder is no fan of labor. Welcome to the Bannon Administration.
.@SeaWorld is opening new park without orcas. Small but good step. Must keep up pressure for higher standards of care for all marine mammals https://t.co/NyZOOqkJiL
In four years since #SandyHook tragedy, 130,000 have died from gun violence. This is not the new normal. I will fight it. #HonorWithAction
Horrified by the massacre in Aleppo. The Assad Regime and its Russian accomplices must be held accountable for their crimes against humanity https://t.co/YuKWXX05n7
How will someone whose primary focus has been the expansion of oil production champion efforts to address climate change?
How will he take actions that may damage the interests of the oil company he has served for most of his life?
How will friend of Putin &amp; recipient of one of Kremlin's highest honors fight to maintain sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine?
There was celebrating in the Duma on the night Donald Trump was elected President; with this choice, the celebration in Moscow goes on. https://t.co/KURwZsNLbu
After 10 years of classified briefs, have pretty good idea. This is about attack on our democracy by Russia. Is McCain also hyper-partisan? https://t.co/pZNrJhRkP9
.@kellyannepolls thinks as Ranking Member of Intel Committee, I'm not read into nation's intel programs. Suggest she google Gang of 8. https://t.co/NzT53Yeglz
If Trump was as smart as he claims to be, he’d understand how little he knows and how much he will come to depend on the Intel community. https://t.co/a6h2Wt6I68
Russian meddling during our presidential election merits a bipartisan, joint investigation by the House and Senate Intelligence Committees. https://t.co/TjdrJEgkVk
Conflicts of interest Trump will bring into oval office are unprecedented. #ActLikeAPresident &amp; divest completely. @nytimes breaks it down: https://t.co/YIkiMim9bA
One of my favorite LA holiday traditions is parade season. This weekend I joined my constituents in Echo Park. Gorgeous day &amp; what a blast! https://t.co/zRag3eru4y
Watch my full interview with @chucktodd on @MeetThePress here on Russian hacking:   https://t.co/Hq6RkcaHOL https://t.co/rdltXUqwil
We NEED joint bipartisan investigation of Intelligence Committees. It's about getting information to public and deterring Russians in future https://t.co/iV2KhIIvhz
There's no doubt that the Russians hacked our institutions. This was not China or a 400 pound guy in New Jersey. This was the Russians. https://t.co/C6pXWm6B4X
If Trump was as smart as he keeps telling us, he would appreciate all he has to learn. #TakeTheBriefings https://t.co/Ih20E5irAs
Read my statement on Trump's disparaging comments about the intelligence community &amp; need for congressional investigation on Russian hacking https://t.co/k3hDbdDia0
Admin review should be accompanied by thorough investigation by both House &amp; Senate Intel Committees, perhaps meeting in joint session.
Perhaps, Trump will go to CIA, look at the rows of memorial stars in lobby &amp; reflect on his disparagement of intelligence community's work. https://t.co/KhShZsAKPu
Rex Tillerson has extensive business dealings with Putin &amp; Russia, favors doing away with sanctions. Huge conflict of interests if SecState. https://t.co/Bq0lTfcwz6
Pleased Obama Administration undertaking full review of Russian hacking into our elections. They should declassify as much of it as possible https://t.co/qzf0U8n85P
Donald Trump isn't taking regular intelligence briefings. He's spending more time at celebratory rallies than preparing himself for the job. https://t.co/VRMpW8Nrbr
John Glenn – war hero, astronaut, Senator, astronaut again at 77.  God bless you, Senator, on your final journey. https://t.co/L5ynLSJdvA
Hats off to Carrier's Chuck Jones for his candor. Sad to hear about the threats. When will Trump #ActLikeAPresident? https://t.co/D1H24sVQyX
Scott Pruitt is a climate change denier, has spent entire career fighting against clean U.S. water &amp; power. Unbelievably bad choice for @EPA
There's overwhelming evidence of Russian hacking of our elections. By denying it Trump has essentially become a propaganda piece for Kremlin https://t.co/3yTY04xNiq
We remember those lost that tragic day, and the bravery of the men and women of our military who answered the call of duty. #PearlHarbor75 https://t.co/N79PkuVSlm
Bad enough Trump doesn't consider it important enough to take regular intel briefings. Far worse he devalues or disregards what he is told. https://t.co/kdAoFbQC87
Trump continues to contradict what our intelligence professionals say about Russian hacking of our elections and carry water for the Kremlin https://t.co/B5CNRpGTOJ
Dir. Comey's mishandling of email investigation had profound consequences for FBI &amp; country. Must never be repeated. https://t.co/6odYh4z97Z
Along with my colleagues today, sent letter to @POTUS urging Administration to brief full House on Russian interference in the US election. https://t.co/8cvGtnjd4n
.@POTUS right to call out Congress on #AUMF. But Administration is also culpable in expansion of executive power with reliance on 2001 Act. https://t.co/4ByhYyYnyJ
Dreamers are our friends and neighbors. They deserve our support. I will keep fighting to keep families together! #SaveDACA https://t.co/3sX6PZVVHK
Would be grave mistake to insert provision in CR waiving restriction on appointment of recently-serving military personnel as Defense chief. https://t.co/kxI1Ct8sbl
Important step by Twitter, FB, YouTube &amp; Microsoft. Combating ISIS online propaganda must remain top priority for both companies &amp; gov't. https://t.co/6WgvAIDgVL
Opposed to efforts to delay new Nutrition Facts panel w %DV for added sugars. Vital for making informed decisions. https://t.co/LPYxPg1I24
God help us if Trump conducts the nation's affairs like their transition – without the willingness or ability to separate fact from fiction. https://t.co/3QPQ5Iq15l
Dr Carson doesn't believe in evolution, once “joked” LGBT couples would find poison in their wedding cakes. His appointment is unacceptable! https://t.co/Edq698n5y5
Sad to see my former colleague, Mike Pence, defend the absolutely indefensible. Trump vote fraud claim is totally bogus! #ActLikeAPresident https://t.co/RZLWrLceEE
Good news! The Army Corps of Engineers rejected the permit to construct the #DAPL. A victory for both tribal sovereignty &amp; clean water.
Step 1: Repeal Obamacare Step 2: Kick millions off of their healthcare Step 3: Don't replace it #ActualGOPPlan https://t.co/MD18BqlHBl
Thinking of those who lost loved ones in the #Oakland fire last night, as well as the many awaiting news of their families and friends. https://t.co/eN0TYHYnqo
Trump's refusal to accept State Department counsel in dealing with foreign leaders has already caused tremendous damage. #ActLikeAPresident https://t.co/h7pmmkyzWl
Before leaving office, the Obama Administration MUST make more information public about Russian hacking and meddling in our elections. https://t.co/sm8K2eWfMO
Will keep watchful eye on the Pentagon. If any further relief is necessary, we stand ready to act. Full statement: https://t.co/wXxv3wAcX7
Bill passed should give Nat'l Guard members confidence they deserve. If they accepted bonus in good faith, they won't have it clawed back. https://t.co/2pdyq9CHiH
1.) Breitbart isn't news source.  2.) Facts matter; especially these: 3.) Scientists are in agreement -- climate change is real &amp; dangerous! https://t.co/omncdaLfIy
President Obama’s economic legacy – ended terrible economic recession, over 10 million jobs added, unemployment near record low #ThanksObama https://t.co/IQ3gKuFHzR
Many congrats to my friend @RepBecerra on being named new AG! He’ll serve California well -- Gov couldn’t have picked a better candidate! https://t.co/GDgVToNYya
We need a President whose only interest is the national interest. The only way to prevent future conflicts of interest is to fully divest! https://t.co/mtvRuEgBnP
House just passed Intelligence Authorization Act to strengthen IC's ability to protect the country. Read more info: https://t.co/0sDYUOFzi5
.@RepSwalwell #RaiderNation is alive and well in the House Intel Committee. Both @Rep_DevinNunes and I are proud members, too!
House JUST passed bill giving Congressional Gold Medal to Office of Strategic Service vets. Owe them debt of gratitude that can't be repaid! https://t.co/TYhk0RPZJC
Congress will vote on provision ensuring National Guard members who accepted bonuses &amp; benefits in good faith are not subject to clawbacks. https://t.co/8GT7Tm7YYJ
Very proud to nominate @NancyPelosi for Leader this morning. I #StandWithNancy https://t.co/3K1V4ejLRO
BREAKING: Lawmakers reach compromise to help California National Guard soldiers ordered to repay enlistment bonuses https://t.co/DEj8T7jYTh
Trump selected @RepTomPrice for HHS Secretary. Price has undeniable history of cutting access to healthcare to millions, especially women
I #StandWithNancy, the strongest, smartest, most tenacious tactician to counter GOP attack on our values. https://t.co/ShWVGH7cc1
Trump must withdraw appointment of Steve Bannon. Racist comments out of bounds, have ZERO place in the White House. https://t.co/4eoo3Bz5EL https://t.co/6nq51rwqxC
Disturbed by the violence directed against those protesting at #StandingRock &amp; plans to shut down the protest site.
The OSU attack bears the all the hallmarks of a terror attack carried out by someone who may have been self-radicalized. My full statement: https://t.co/BY48JjxBtZ
Trump must divest to ensure no conflicts of interest in WH. Governing is your responsibility, not helping your business! #ActLikeAPresident https://t.co/P8K0osDmil
Congressional Republicans already readying proposals to privatize Medicare &amp; throw millions off of their health care. They must be stopped!
Remembering the life and work of #HarveyMilk today as we continue his march towards progress and full equality for all citizens.
This is not who we are! This bigotry and hatred against Muslims has no place in America. #AllAreWelcome  https://t.co/cxkha1gUz0
President-elect Trump's claim that he would have won popular vote but for fraud is as baseless as it is demeaning. #ActLikeAPresident https://t.co/ooESDd4Sfh
From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving!
Fact Trump has given Steve Bannon a position of responsibility in the WH is really quite despicable and alarming.   https://t.co/PZV1LdNW2G
We will never go back to waterboarding  and torture. And Trump and Pence's unwillingness to say so is appalling. #NeverTorture https://t.co/itAZWsPdSD
Water boarding is torture and illegal, immoral and unconstitutional. Period. We're better than that. https://t.co/itAZWt6Phd
Hamilton cast was perfectly appropriate, respectful. For President-elect to be tweeting like this is terrible mistake, makes him look small. https://t.co/Qz7Unt7ii5
America was founded on ideal of religious freedom. We don't set up religious tests or registries. We will fight this tooth and nail! https://t.co/3WdxfYtU4A
Gen Flynn has reputation for saying counterproductive things, being hothead &amp; divisive, not good qualities in a WH national security advisor https://t.co/6OXBrA2mtW
Luckily President-elect has a blind trust so this is totally fine. https://t.co/3GH1vvM29G
We don't need yet another volatile personality guiding an already impetuous President-elect.  My interview with @maddow on General Flynn: https://t.co/WVDdnxYzXi
@tweetsoutloud I really appreciate the encouragement right now!  And let's ride soon.
Senate must vigorously probe past and views of Attorney General candidate @SenatorSessions on race, criminal justice and immigration reform.
While we've had our share of strong differences, I know he's someone who is willing to listen and engage, both key qualities in CIA Director https://t.co/Gm0v1OPLSD
Have deep concerns about Gen. Flynn as a possible National Security Advisor. Worried about an impulsive president with a volatile advisor. https://t.co/Rv0hIZlPBJ
We must ensure these debts are waived &amp; repay soldiers who already paid back some or all of the bonuses they accepted in good faith #CAguard
.@SenFeinstein, @SenatorBoxer &amp; I just introduced bill to permanently stop clawback of bonuses paid to National Guard members in error. https://t.co/OwGjGdfk0Q
James Clapper has always exhibited sober judgment and put the fate of the nation first. We are all certainly very grateful for his service.
Trump needs people w strong national security experience advising him. Not sure son-in-law meets that qualification. https://t.co/yLYZC0or02
Will miss @SenFeinstein as Intel Vice Chair, but we need her as Judiciary Ranking Member for SCOTUS fight. Congrats on new role, Senator!
Congratulations to @MarkWarner for his new role as Ranking Member of the Senate Intelligence Committee.  Look forward to working with you!
We call on Donald Trump to remove Steve Bannon from position of White House senior counselor. This man doesn’t belong in the White House! https://t.co/5VyiOoL6vT
Steve Bannon's Breitbart is fringe, homophobic, racist, misogynist &amp; anti-Semitic. His appointment is very alarming: https://t.co/XLZM0TyX3k
Would disastrous if Trump reverses a number of Obama's executive policies, including repopulating Guantanamo! https://t.co/QhbXG5FK4X
A disturbing rise in hate crimes of all kinds this year, especially those against Muslims. This ugliness must stop. https://t.co/QRdYsbD47e
Selection of Steve Bannon for senior WH role unsurprising but alarming.  His alt-right, anti-Semitic &amp; misogynistic views don't belong in WH
.@SenTomCotton America was built on the rule of law. Water boarding is torture &amp; illegal, immoral, unconstitutional. We're better than that. https://t.co/ezP7sgJOMc
Spoke with KPCC's @TakeTwo this morning about what the election means, and our path forward as a country.   https://t.co/aFlb1gt8TK
And for those of us that got knocked down, we pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and live to fight another day.
...and to energetically oppose him when we must, but always to work for the common good.
We also do everything we can to make the country successful with its new President, to find common ground when we can....
As a Clinton supporter, this was painful, even heartbreaking conclusion. That's way democracy works. We have a peaceful transition of power.
"The American dream is big enough for everyone." -@HillaryClinton
ICYMI: Appeared on @CNN with @PoppyHarlowCNN to discuss election security and effect of cyber attacks on the race:  https://t.co/EuFOMtoDkc
Today is the day. Election Day. Get out and vote!! Find your polling place: https://t.co/qtZDCUDTHS  #Election2016 https://t.co/NN1fHLgQ9i
No question Director Comey's decision caused damage in election. False ads must be pulled down &amp; leaks investigated. https://t.co/ud88L0wLxl
Will be joining @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom around 7 pm ET/4 pm PT to discuss #ComeyLetter on Secretary Clinton's emails.
The review of these emails should put to rest, once and for all, the irresponsible speculation indulged in by the Trump campaign and others.
My full statement on this development: https://t.co/NxMaacg2sh
As expected, the review of the additional emails has not changed the FBI's original conclusion. https://t.co/iVMTWRLv4h
More Benghazi Committee-style hearings, more partisan investigations -- Congressional GOP is now party of gridlock.  https://t.co/5uY4s2tVNt
"GOP isn't a party of ideas anymore. They have become the party of gridlock and investigation." -@RepAdamSchiff on MSNBC's @allinwithchris
Will be joining @chrislhayes on MSNBC's @allinwithchris at 8 pm ET/5 pm PT about Director Comey and the FBI. #inners
Congrats @Cubs! As a (formerly) long-suffering Red Sox fan, I get 108 years is a long time to wait. Makes victory that much more sweet!
Pell Grants help make college reality for nearly 8 mil students. Proud to join colleagues in letter to #ProtectPell: https://t.co/WewXjFAR4Q
I believe Director Comey's decision will go down as a colossal mistake for the FBI. My interview with @CNNSitRoom:  https://t.co/KgZqRLNrYz
FBI Director Comey has made a serious error in judgment, and he must clean it up. My interview on @MSNBC:   https://t.co/FIpnTcCzve
Director Comey's ambiguity bomb dropped this close to election showed a terrible lapse in judgment. @ThisWeekABC: https://t.co/DXKKyGYouA
Will be on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos discussing Director Comey's letter to Congress about #ClintonEmails. https://t.co/5gwHt40ZfN
Ambiguous nature of this - emails could be significant or insignificant, relevant or irrelevant -contributes nothing to public understanding https://t.co/ZBH7sf9OzC
Good to speak with NPR's @MorningEdition. Absolutely appalled CA #NationalGuard soldiers were asked to repay bonuses https://t.co/ndUGo8CQVi
Was so great to talk with all of you! https://t.co/OMgvu58tMl
Read my full statement on the Defense Department halting the clawback of bonuses given to the National Guard. https://t.co/w8nfmbC58Q
I'm working on legislation that will accomplish these goals, &amp; hope to introduce it in coming weeks before Congress comes back into session
It shouldn't fall on shoulders of those who serve our country to pay for the mistakes of others that offered these incentives improperly.
Legislation can waive these debts &amp; provide relief to soldiers who have already repaid some or all of bonuses they accepted in good faith.
While this will help some families sleep a bit easier at night, much more needs to be done, starting with Congressional legislation.
Sec Carter made right call to suspend efforts to collect bonuses &amp; benefits that were given in error to soldiers who enlisted or reenlisted. https://t.co/1vgJhlQODd
It's outrageous that National Guard soldiers are being asked to repay bonuses that they had every right to expect:  https://t.co/36BHhDM1dN
In the meantime the California National Guard should suspend all debt collection activities against these soldiers. https://t.co/rqH7VASkdu
Congress can and I believe will address this unacceptable situation.  I'm working on legislative remedy for when Congress is back in session
Veterans deserve better than being hounded for repayment of enlistment bonuses they were mistakenly provided through no fault of their own
Those who celebrate hacks today may find themselves target of foreign intruders tomorrow. CNN oped w @RepSteveIsrael https://t.co/jxuvOJ9uVo
@jfreewright Great to see you too. Big fan.
.@realDonaldTrump whining of rigged elections must be music to Kremlin, which has endured withering criticism over its rigging of elections.
Disturbed to see the dramatic increase in anti-Semitic activity on @twitter. Shameful. (((Adam Schiff))) https://t.co/2UNpOLL1bO
Nothing like siding with a foreign power over your own president. Trump's downward spiral continues. Sad! https://t.co/yCQfpywAXl
Beyond dangerous. Undermines our democracy. Our elections are free &amp; fair. Only in non-democracies do people threaten to jail opponents. https://t.co/DK2sDbxJgv
This is a big deal! On the heels of Paris Climate Accord, this new agreement will have even bigger impact on our world's rising temperatures https://t.co/to06Tj0q1v
The gun liability shield has now barred Newtown families from seeking justice in our courts.  It's past time to #RepealPLCAA! https://t.co/d5m7FHVGK3
It was great to meet the students who are, quite literally, building the future! https://t.co/9GnbaNsI6j
To those observing Yom Kippur tonight, I wish you an easy fast! G'mar Hatima Tova to all of you.
Trump is flat out wrong on Russian hacking.  My interview with @MSNBC:  https://t.co/RGuzFKvkTu
Series tied 1-1. It's time to #RockTheRavine. Go @Dodgers! #ITFDB
You don't threaten to jail your opponent. @realDonaldTrump demonstrates a frightening ignorance about democracy. #Democracy101
Important reminder after this #debate: The stakes are so high -- every American needs to do their civic duty and vote.
On heels of the murder/execution of Sgt. Steve Owen, more tragedy with the killing of two #PalmSprings police officers.  Just devastating.
Nothing can excuse Donald Trump's misogyny. These are not locker room comments -- they are sickening. https://t.co/c7QleTkx44
Read my full statement on the Administration's public attribution of recent electoral hackings to #Russia: https://t.co/wLGhUWGWPO
...and to avail themselves of the cyber expertise offered by the Department of Homeland Security.
This is why @SenFeinstein &amp; I have been urging state election officials to take every precaution ...
And we must do everything in our power to guard against it.
All of us should be gravely concerned when a foreign power like Russia seeks to undermine our democratic institutions.
...to develop a concerted response that protects our institutions and deters further meddling.
We should now work with our European allies who have been the victim of similar and even more malicious cyber interference by Russia ....
I applaud the Administration's decision to publicly name Russia as the source of hacks into U.S. political institutions.
#ThankYouVin Dodger games won't be the same without you.
L’shanah Tovah to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah with their family, friends and loved ones! May this New Year be sweet, healthy and happy!
ICYMI: I joined @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC to discuss Russian hacking and meddling in our election databases.  https://t.co/6K6SzTXVFO
Joining @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC to discuss cyber attacks on our nation's election systems. Local listings: https://t.co/sMjYU9eARa
Honored to be part of the presidential delegation to celebrate the life and legacy of Shimon Peres at his funeral.
I voted “NO” to sustain President Obama’s veto of "Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act" (#JASTA). Here's why: https://t.co/YjPSvg1J0s
It's #NationalVoterRegistrationDay. Voting is your right and your responsibility. Register now!
Was so much fun to join you on #Pupcast! https://t.co/IDPgOzJFav
Joined @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom to discuss the latest in the NY/NJ terror investigation &amp; question I'm asking:  https://t.co/ttCGS3QsEU
Joining with with my Armenian-American constituents in saying ‘Oorakh Angakhootyan Or,’ as we celebrate the 25th Armenian Independence Day!
I'll be talking with @tamronhall on MSNBC around 11:15 am ET/8:15 am PT about the attacks over the weekend.
Ran into (not literally mind you) a lot of my constituents this morning in the #MalibuTriathlon! @NauticaMalibuTr https://t.co/DK8qEyBADH
The attacks in New York, Minnesota and New Jersey, whether acts of international terrorism or domestic madness, are horrific.
More details will be forthcoming as investigations continue. In the meantime, our thoughts &amp; hearts go out to the victims and their families
I'm appearing on @CSPAN's #Newsmakers this Sunday at 10 am ET / 7 am PT to talk #Snowden, #cyber and 2016.   Watch:  https://t.co/bxVr3GZbCk
Thrilled @JerryBrownGov signed @RichardBloom bill into law to outlaw orca captivity in CA. Congress must follow suit and pass the #ORCAAct.
7 weeks. At least 2,015 were lost to gun violence.   2,015 men, women &amp; children.  @SpeakerRyan must do his job &amp; let us vote! #NotOneMore
.@NCAA made right call to pull March Madness games from North Carolina in response to #HB2. Hopefully, this &amp; other actions will spur change
Sorry to hear of passing of Ed Edelman, a policy giant who shaped LA for decades. His accomplishments will live on. https://t.co/NLUXPpSaua
Today, Nuclear Security Working Group, which I founded with @JeffFortenberry, will help recognize this momentous anniversary. @KazakhEmbassy
25 years ago, the #Semipalatinsk Test Site in Kazakhstan was shut down, a crucial moment for nuclear security. https://t.co/Ljt2eXHUM6
Household incomes rose 5.2% this year. Good news, but we must continue to make economic growth a top priority. https://t.co/M1becboWCJ
Read my full statement on today’s nuclear missile test by #NorthKorea https://t.co/nVm0EIuO8b
Today's #NorthKorea nuclear test is latest challenge by Pyongyang to international community &amp; demands a concerted international response.
This unprecedented attempt to influence our political process should concern all Americans, regardless of party. https://t.co/kIkl2xQXeV
This #LaborDay we celebrate American workers' skill, determination &amp; their numerous contributions to our nation. https://t.co/pAjIZbmxmg
The 25th anniv. of independence for Nagorno Karabakh is cause for celebration &amp; remembrance of the lives lost so that Artsakh could be free.
Read my full statement on the reported death of ISIS leader Abu al-Adnani: https://t.co/pnuNLxV7FH
No single loss of a leader will end threat from ISIS, but Al-Adnani death is evidence that military campaign against ISIS is making progress
If confirmed, death of Abu al-Adnani would be significant blow to ISIS at a time when they are on retreat on the battlefield in Iraq &amp; Syria
CA State passed ban on captive breeding &amp; display of #Orcas. Thanks @AsmRichardBloom for your leadership – Orcas don't belong in our tanks.
Join the @NatlParkService in celebrating 100 years! Visit one of California's 27 national parks. #FindYourPark at: https://t.co/ooQwUqaWIt.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Stephen Hill, an actor perhaps best known for his portrayal of Manhattan DA Adam Schiff on Law &amp; Order.
Great to join @ABC7 this afternoon to discuss what Congress MUST do to combat #gunviolence. Watch here: https://t.co/d0XKklE2JQ #NotOneMore
Hosting a conversation TONIGHT at 7 pm on efforts to combat #gunviolence. Event info: https://t.co/LFIWQTH5gm.
With Trump, the question isn't whether the briefings should occur, but whether they would do any good. https://t.co/ckWus2hdq4
Never has someone spoken so long, to so few and said so little worth remembering. Sad! #TrumpForeignPolicy
*Spoiler Alert for West Coasters!*  Michael Phelps. 28 Olympic medals. 23 gold. GOAT. #RioOlympics2016 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/W4oGFpHF60
Joined @wolfblitzer today on CNN to discuss the #DNChack as well as Donald Trump's dangerous foreign policy comments https://t.co/bXOxHfKxYG
Those Trump claims that Obama founded ISIS? The Russians make them, too. https://t.co/bemSU460kq via @HuffPostPol @mmcauliff
Will be on CNN around 1:30 pm ET/10:30 am PT with @wolfblitzer to discuss Trump's latest dangerous national security comments &amp; the #DNChack
As @PasadenaHumane bids farewell to Tina the Alligator, @LAZoo welcomes a new resident! Good luck in your new home! https://t.co/BDd6ATy4vH
Another strong #jobsreport and, even better, signs of increasing wage growth. We have added 15m jobs since 2010.
Happy Birthday, @POTUS! They tell me 55 is the new 30...
Congratulations to @Nestle on 150 years! Thank you for making #CA28 a sweeter District to represent!
Thoughtful piece from Ambassador @McFaul on how US can counter growing Russian influence by aiding democracy abroad: https://t.co/shc7scTuno
If Donald Trump has to ask why U.S. cannot use nuclear weapons against ISIS, he's unfit to be our commander in chief https://t.co/ISEC30Ea1z
Big surge in demand for pocket constitutions after #KhizrKhan speech. For a copy of America's founding documents, contact my Burbank office
My full statement on @realDonalTrump’s mind boggling comments on #NATO alliance rejection: https://t.co/DxJNrTWYym
.@realDonaldTrump makes many irresponsible comments, but his glib rejection of coordination w/ #NATO allies perhaps the most dangerous yet.
Our thoughts and sympathies are with @RepMarkTakai's loved ones. Was an honor to serve with him &amp; witness his dedication to public service.
Sadly agree #Benghazi tragedy has been compounded by politicizing it. Read his op-ed: https://t.co/aGg94TUKdb https://t.co/WWUUfvA1Wn
Hard to respect the way RNC and Donald Trump tonight decided to exploit the #Benghazi tragedy for political purposes https://t.co/HavZOzufWb
Never thought I would see the party of Reagan go soft on Russia, and ignore Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Sad! https://t.co/VAkfnLMXF9
Horrified by news of yet another shooting of police officers, this time in Baton Rouge, with several killed.
Read the declassified #28Pages https://t.co/l5NVXdUzGc and my full statement below: https://t.co/CHfNC1cAYE
Release of #28pages will not end debate over the issue, but will quiet rumors over contents – reality is less damaging than uncertainty.
Just voted to release the #28pages, American people have right to know full scope of 9/11 Joint Inquiry findings.
My full statement tonight on the #NiceAttack: https://t.co/bovFrTpCx6
Another reported terrorist attack, this time a truck driver killing scores in Nice, France on #BastilleDay. A month of madness &amp; inhumanity.
Abdication of duty to adjourn Congress for recess without addressing #Zika. House majority is jeopardizing US health https://t.co/1dNdOU1Uyu
Just voted NO on the #GMO labeling bill, the so-called #DarkAct. Consumers deserve full transparency on food purchases for their families.
Proud to have Congress' support for LA bid to host  #2024Olympics. Confident LA is best choice to bring these incredible games back to US!
.@AndyRichter In the U.S. Congress, people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups...these are their stories. Dun dun.
Absolutely right. Both candidates should be briefed. Playing politics w/ intel briefings wrong move by @SpeakerRyan https://t.co/ViHvMNsf23
Congratulations @KTLAMorningNews on celebrating 25 years. Looking forward to the next 25!
Strong #JobsReport in June w/ over 280k jobs added to U.S. economy. We must continue progress w/ investments in infrastructure &amp; small biz.
#Benghazi Committee began with promises of transparency. Ends quietly in a secret hearing in Capitol basement. SMH https://t.co/YuFnETHVdo
Attorney General Lynch is right: "We must take a hard look at ease with which wrongdoers can get their hands on deadly weapons." #DisarmHate
Nation joins #Dallas in mourning the ambush &amp; premeditated murder of police officers. Injustice cannot be met by injustice or hate with hate
Horrified to see fatal police shootings of #AltonSterling &amp; #PhilandoCastile. Events speak to troubling pattern re: race &amp; law enforcement.
With Donald Trump, the question isn't whether the intelligence briefings should occur, but whether they would do any good.
Call by GOP to cancel briefings for Secretary Clinton and brief only Donald Trump is as predictable as it is absurd. https://t.co/ZRAyyu2kXx
Proud to welcome @JoaquinCastrotx to House Intelligence Committee. His experience and background will be invaluable to our oversight efforts
.@NRA sponsored gun violence bill is a sham that fools no one. Americans deserve real action to #DisarmHate. https://t.co/UFyaIgyD5m
Happy #IndependenceDay! I hope everyone had a happy and safe holiday weekend. #July4th
Joined @jdickerson on CBS's @FaceTheNation to discuss 2016 election, recent ISIS attacks in #Turkey and #Bangladesh https://t.co/zFIoyb0ONk
We lost a beautiful &amp; reflective spirit in Elie Wiesel. He shared with world the torment of the Holocaust &amp; remarkable spirit of survivors.
Deeply saddened to learn American was among 20 killed in #BangladeshAttack. We mourn all the dead and our thoughts are with their families.
California leads the way to #EndGunViolence while the House Majority plans only to allow a vote on NRA-favored bill. https://t.co/95vWQNKUeh
Military leaders made it clear they will refuse to violate the laws of war.  Trump is unfit to be commander in chief https://t.co/VvPykyvTUk
Congress must do the same. I've had enough. #DisarmHate  https://t.co/O8yBFObsYo
Today's @DeptofDefense announcement, ending discriminatory transgender service ban, is a major victory for #equality &amp; military preparedness
ICYMI: I spoke with @brikeilarcnn on CNN today about the release of the #BenghaziReport: https://t.co/9y87UI1L6g
ICYMI: I spoke with MSNBC's @mitchellreports about the release of the #BenghaziReport today: https://t.co/urBm8mCkjk
Read my full statement on the release of Republican's partisan #BenghaziReport this morning: https://t.co/i2PEmfYj1s
R's conduct of #Benghazi committee &amp; report will go down as one of worst abuses of Congress's extraordinary investigative powers in history
....so they issued their own addendum that is so blatantly political it should've been issued by RNC not a congressional committee #Benghazi
In their #Benghazi report today, some Republicans felt that Chairman Gowdy didn’t go far enough in attacking Secretary Clinton...
The partisan goal of #Benghazi Committee – to drive down Secretary Clinton's numbers – was demonstrated by behavior of the committee itself
In an eight hundred page #Benghazi report which attempts to substitute quantity for quality, it adds little that is appreciably new.
After $7m in taxpayer funds &amp; 2 years, R's #Benghazi report fails to alter core conclusions of the 8 other investigations that went before.
Read my full statement on the release of the Democrats #Benghazi report today: https://t.co/TOa2YzHdCT
It's my hope that by issuing our report, as unremarkable as findings are, we can finally put this sad political chapter behind us. #Benghazi
Rs withheld transcripts, subjected Clinton to an 11 hour hearing &amp; produced official Committee report without any input or review from Dems.
Republicans excluded Democrats from participating in certain interviews (even concealed them), issued subpoenas with no consultation or vote
When investigation began, Chairman Gowdy promised to put aside partisanship to work with Democrats – regrettably, reality was very different
Although we found some new details about events of that tragic night, they merely provided context rather than changing what we already knew
Republicans opted to conduct business in shockingly partisan fashion, not even sharing draft report with Dems for input or comment #Benghazi
Instead, most partisan select committee in Congressional history merely harmed reputation of GOP leadership &amp; members that gave birth to it.
The #Benghazi Committee's principal objective of damaging the political prospects of Secretary Hillary Clinton was also unrealized.
After 2 years &amp; $7m in taxpayer funds, #Benghazi Committee result is unsurprising – nothing alters core conclusions of other investigations.
Today's #SCOTUS ruling in #WholeWomansHealth reaffirms critical protections for reproductive freedoms.
One year ago, love won. #LoveWins #LoveIsLove https://t.co/me1OyGMd3s
To LGBT community members who've ever felt alone in wake of Orlando. There are many of us fighting for a more inclusive world, #WeAreWithYou
Deeply disappointed by SCOTUS decision in #USvTexas. Further proof that Congress must debate &amp; vote on Judge Garland's nomination, pass #CIR
This great man goes to speak to the crowd...and the crowd responds "we're with you." @RepJohnLewis https://t.co/7tjZ06X9HP
.@repjohnlewis ends sit-in for now, harkening back to the civil rights movement "when I was in jail, I felt free." https://t.co/HliCDWYOBL
Why can't we get a vote? Because Republican leadership is caught in the stranglehold of the NRA! #NoBillNoBreak  https://t.co/bOpcaHxp3L
The view from the Capitol, circa 2:15 am, where supporters still assemble to urge Congress to "do your job". https://t.co/B6gu8uPuvc
Spoke with CNN's @donlemon to explain why House Democrats have been sitting in on the House Floor. #NoBillNoBreak https://t.co/XDkoch0jBZ
We each hold the name of a victim of gun violence. My sign reads "Steven Curnow." #NoBillNoBreak #EnoughIsEnough https://t.co/yJNaxQChwF
A speaker with no voice for the victims tries to gavel down those who call out. #HoldTheFloor #NoMoreSilence #Enough https://t.co/o7urctv5Rt
Delete your account.  https://t.co/hIepn04cCe
Not how I expected to spend my birthday, but I'm glad to be here. #NoBillNoBreak https://t.co/kmpE7OJr8k
.@SenSanders lends his support for the sit in. #Enough #HoldTheFloor https://t.co/rgAWtQFw6i
Spoke on the House Floor today demanding a vote. I've had enough! #NoBillNoBreak #holdthefloor  https://t.co/o7wZ7ZnhiX
Very powerful speech from my friend @RepSteveIsrael ending with: "Give us this vote. No bill no break" #HoldTheFloor https://t.co/TDwjcyZ1PU
The view from the floor ... of the Floor. #HoldTheFloor #NoBillNoBreak #SitIn https://t.co/IcgcKHn7Wu
.@SenWarren joins our sit in #holdthefloor #NoBillNoBreak https://t.co/3NqXQNIkFg
Majority doesn't want you to know what's being said; just wants gun issue to go away. It'll never go away unless Congress acts #HoldTheFloor
Just finished speaking during the #NoBillNoBreak sit-in. But you'll never see it, as Majority have turned off the cameras &amp; microphones.
Enough is enough. This is House equivalent of a fillbuster. American people demand action &amp; we must demand it of ourselves. #NoBillNoBreak
Have joined sit-in on the House Floor, led by @RepJohnLewis, to insist on a vote on gun safety legislation. #EnoughIsEnough #NoBillNoBreak
✔️ Decades of service ✔️ Highest rating from @ABAesq of "well-qualified" (https://t.co/Q82OI1pMkK) #DoYourJob Senate! Vote on Judge Garland!
Appalling to see that the Senate rejected legislation to #EndGunViolence four times tonight. #Enough silence – we need action.
We must also pass “No Fly No Buy” legislation to prevent gun purchases by dangerous terrorists. #Enough
We should alert law enforcement to purchase so that they can undertake a follow-up investigation. Could have disrupted Orlando plot.
Wrote @POTUS requesting system to notify FBI when a previously investigated terror suspect seeks to buy a gun. Read: https://t.co/OyVa15ldbN
.@ChrisMurphyCT, I stand with your #filibuster. No more terrorist access to assault weapons. No more mass shootings. #ENOUGH
After tragedy in Orlando targeting LGBT community it's time to end discriminatory @US_FDA ban on blood donation by gay men. #BloodIsBlood
Expanding SMMNRA is essential to protecting wilderness beyond our urban cities for future generations. Read more: https://t.co/VGQEmiPZKI
Today @SenatorBoxer &amp; I introduced legislation to protect over 190,000 acres of critical open space in SoCal: https://t.co/VGQEmiPZKI
Donald Trump's next impulse after terror attack was to ban Muslims again; how predictable, how counter-productive. https://t.co/VDC6WVRN2E
Donald Trump's first impulse after the terror attack was to congratulate himself. How very Presidential. https://t.co/VDC6WVRN2E
Joined @NPRinskeep on NPR's @MorningEdition about what we know &amp; what questions we're asking about #Orlando. Listen: https://t.co/qEToKWnu6z
To all those tweeting me after yet another tragedy: I hear you, I agree with you. Congress must act to pass common-sense gun laws. #NoExcuse
The mass shooting in #Orlando was an attack on the LGBT community and all Americans. An act of terror and hate.
ICYMI: I spoke with @jaketapper on @CNNSotu this morning about the tragic #Orlando attack: https://t.co/kKcCdV9n5s
This morning, I'll be marching in WeHo Pride Parade with heavy heart. We march in solidarity with all victims of terrorism &amp; hatred #Orlando
My full statement on the #Orlando shooting this morning: https://t.co/viERHIljen
Shtetl to Congress, Three Generations: #ImmigrationStoryin5Words
.@SpeakerRyan policy pronouncements are mass of shallow statements &amp; most perverse contradictions. Here's just some: https://t.co/6Rr11uJ8rE
It’s election day in CA! No matter whom you support, be sure to get out and vote.  Find your polling location here: https://t.co/2JiFcHvhAr
I'll be joining @maddow on MSNBC at 6 pm PT/9 pm ET to discuss Donald Trump's dangerous foreign policy.
Wonderful to see German parliament recognize #ArmenianGenocide. Brave stand against Turkish denial. US should follow their example.
Deeply saddened to hear about shooting at UCLA. Thoughts are with victim's family and the entire Bruin community. https://t.co/bNtcz6V9NI
#MemorialDay is a time to remember those who have served and made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. https://t.co/7xI69TXFqg
Thrilled to hear Khadija Ismayilova was released. She epitomizes the courage shown by journalists around the world https://t.co/jyjnrUbQfk
Today, the House of Representatives passed the FY2017 Intelligence Authorization Act on a bipartisan 371-35 vote: https://t.co/E8l4rFbage
Congress must stop its dysfunction when it comes to the fight against #Zika. Congress must do its job! https://t.co/tKvAMo3IAf
Joined @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos this morning to discuss latest in #EgyptAir and TSA lines: https://t.co/rF0tktFpkD
My full statement on the strike targeting #Taliban leader Mullah Mansur: https://t.co/T2MSAcjiVA
I'll be on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos on Sunday morning to discuss the latest on #EgyptAirMS804.
Pleased nutrition facts labels will include #AddedSugars to allow consumers to make more informed decisions. https://t.co/XqiXGp67J6
Appalled by GOP manipulation of rules to flip votes to condone anti-LGBT discrimination by fed contractors #shame  https://t.co/WVNSJi8CIy
I just voted no on the #NDAA. I wanted to explain why: https://t.co/ABF5Iuiw8G
Congress has acted on gun violence.  But it was a major step back - to protect the gun industry. #RepealPLCAA  https://t.co/datoXjkbtJ
Big News! I really think we're on track to get this system up and running in the next few years.   https://t.co/hNiY84uW2P
Anti-Muslim bigotry only aids Islamist terrorists to our own detriment. Here's General David Petraeus' take: https://t.co/Q30HcoLDwv
All students, including trans students, should be treated with dignity &amp; respect. Thank you @TheJusticeDept @USEDGov https://t.co/MqJbuUHYHb
This won’t solve opioid crisis &amp; I’m disappointed House didn’t consider broader legislation but this was small step forward in larger effort
House unanimously passed my amendment to explore creation of national database to prevent doctor shopping of opioids https://t.co/yNQ5WPzXyA
@RepSteveIsrael a dubious honor, to be sure! #CongratsOrSomething
Proud to see @TheJusticeDept fight discrimination in all its forms. This is about dignity &amp; respect for ALL. #HB2 https://t.co/OFIz7QQgod
Proud to receive 100% from @Defenders of Wildlife. Protecting wildlife corridors in Rim of the Valley is key. https://t.co/BgwB2h4yiI
Will a Corporate Carve-Out Derail Criminal Justice Reform? My op-ed with @SenatorDurbin &amp; @SenWhitehouse: https://t.co/cKFLNZ7pP7 #CJReform
As we get even closer to 2016 election, all but most dedicated partisans have written off Committee as one of the worst investigative abuses
Cost for investigating #Benghazi including Committee coupled with costs imposed on  State, Defense &amp; other agencies is now over $20 million.
Now 2 years later, with no new evidence to alter core conclusions of other investigations, Republicans have reached new level of desperation
It's been apparent since beginning that the #Benghazi Select Committee would be little more than a politically-motivated fishing expedition.
Apparent from beginning that #Benghazi Committee would be little more than politically motivated fishing expedition. https://t.co/oIUbjDhxXn
The FY 2017 Intelligence Authorization Act has passed unanimously in House Intelligence Committee this morning: https://t.co/4h8B9jF87C
New funding is needed to fight #Zika &amp; we cannot continue to rob Peter to pay Paul when the consequences are so dire https://t.co/2JBMVbcgdh
Proud to support @LA2024 bid to host Summer #Olympics! Where else do you get the infrastructure, enthusiasm and sun? https://t.co/lmad5GanIN
Always great to join @KTLAMorningNews. We discussed the fight to recognize the #ArmenianGenocide &amp; yesterday's march https://t.co/BeF0PQIIfE
I believe that we should move to declassify the #28Pages of the Congressional 9/11 report. I explained why on MSNBC: https://t.co/AHpRczm8Yr
We will never forget the 1.5 million men, women and children murdered in #ArmenianGenocide. #NeverForget1915 https://t.co/H4Q4upyrjV
Take a moment today to read tweets and remembrances of the #ArmenianGenocide. Their wounds, our wounds, are still open.
To all of my constituents celebrating #Passover this coming week, may you and your family have a joyous holiday. Chag Sameach!
We only have one planet earth -- we should do all we can to protect it! #EarthDay https://t.co/CnSmI17HBn
Instead this decision will be just another sad milestone in struggle to prevent genocide by exposing genocide and its perpetrators.
Recognition of the #ArmenianGenocide could have been a proud part of President Obama's legacy...
How many administrations must be intimidated into silence before we realize that it only emboldens the increasingly authoritarian regime?
How many administrations must be intimidated into silence before we realize that it never changes Turkish behavior for the better?
Remaining silent in an effort to curry favor with Turkey is as morally indefensible as it will be ineffectual. #ArmenianGenocide
...and who has always championed human rights, the choice of silence and complicity is all the more painfully inexplicable #ArmenianGenocide
For a President who knows the history so well, who spoke so passionately about the genocide as a Senator and a Presidential candidate....
I’m gravely disappointed that President Obama will now leave office without fulfilling his commitment to recognize the #ArmenianGenocide.
Troubled by findings in Reporters Without Borders Press Freedom Index. #PressFreedom is under assault world-wide! https://t.co/a704G7oUoA
There is no higher calling than speaking truth in face of genocide denial. My letter to @POTUS on #ArmenianGenocide: https://t.co/Myl5DfeghV
Heading to the House Floor shortly to deliver an open letter to President Obama on the #ArmenianGenocide. 10 am ET/7 am PT on CSPAN.
Dear Senate: you must #DoYourJob, hold hearings on nomination of Judge Garland, &amp; up or down vote. There's no excuse https://t.co/8RSiRx4QFH
Proud to support. OSS helped vanquish some of most malevolent enemies our country— and free world— has ever faced. https://t.co/8vYiAVIFTt
This act of hatred has no place in our community. Disturbed someone would be threatened over their Armenian heritage https://t.co/aiiZmk8wjP
Just voted NO on a bill to undermine FCC’s #netneutrality rule. We need to protect consumers and keep the Internet open.
@EdenYoon Eye was happy to meet with you too!
Happy #JackieRobinsonDay! In 1947, the Pasadena-native took the field in a Dodgers uniform &amp; became the first African American in the #MLB
Welcome to DC @RideOnTeam26, congrats on an inspiring ride. Time for Congress to act &amp; protect our communities from gun violence #NotOneMore
On this #EqualPayDay, we must recognize the need to ensure our country provides women with equal pay for equal work. https://t.co/i4i2ule3GA
We are all united for peace and justice. We are #ArtsakhStrong. #NKpeace https://t.co/diGizfFlHd
Ground-breaking!!! Congrats to #SpaceX!  https://t.co/Sg4PXDSSGw
Even after 8 investigations we're 700 days into @HouseBenghazi. No end in sight. Time to end abuse of taxpayer $ https://t.co/Q3poV68ny8
ICYMI: I spoke with @charlierose/ @CharlieRoseShow about encryption, ISIS, Benghazi investigation and #IranDeal. https://t.co/LaYihIaQ6A
View the @NatlParkService's SMMNRA study area &amp; recommendation: https://t.co/FlWMjWFdKb. Provide your input to SchiffROTV@mail.house.gov.
Will be on @CharlieRoseShow tonight on @PBS/@BloombergTV talking about threat from ISIS, foreign policy &amp; encryption https://t.co/oFxEUTmlaZ
Today we honor #CesarChavez, a great humanitarian who inspired millions of Americans to seek social justice &amp; fight for the working class.
I joined the #RedTieChallenge for the first ever month dedicated to bring awareness to rare bleeding disorders. https://t.co/0Qg17QXzdS
Voting is open in the Congressional Art Competition for our "People's Choice" award! Vote: https://t.co/Ggf8SFfzvR https://t.co/JkVYzKhDER
Terrible bombing in Lahore Pakistan took 71 lives. Jamaat-e-Ahrar supposedly targeted Christians on Easter. Yet another horror #LahoreBlast
Happy #Easter to all those celebrating today! I hope it is filled with good friends and family, and of course quality chocolate!
It should serve as strong message to all hackers, whether criminals or nations, that anonymity not guaranteed online https://t.co/eKvPPbN8vL
Obamacare turns six today, providing millions insurance &amp; life-saving access for those w/ pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/f6ulYyVOe3
These proposals show that claiming to oppose "political correctness" is often a subterfuge for expressing the most divisive &amp; bigoted views.
.@tedcruz demagogic suggestion we "patrol" Muslim neighborhoods will lead to greater radicalization here &amp; feed into ISIS narrative abroad.
Comments by Senator @tedcruz are also as offensive and ill-informed as they are counterproductive.
.@realDonaldTrump obviously knows little about how to obtain reliable and accurate intelligence
.@realDonaldTrump comments espousing the virtues of torture are spoken by a person with no national security experience....
Torture is immoral &amp; illegal. It is also great way to get people to say anything to make pain stop and send authorities chasing false leads
Statements from @realDonaldTrump &amp; @tedcruz in wake of #BrusselsAttacks have been appalling &amp; dangerous to our national security.
…shows how difficult and dangerous the threat from ISIS remains. #Brussels
That the attackers could go forward even when Brussels was under constant vigilance for just this kind of assault...
In wake of attacks, US &amp; our allies across Europe must be on alert for possible copy-cat attackers who activate in wake of these bombings.
....even if it is still more likely to come from home-grown radicals than ISIS fighters returning from Syria or Iraq.  #Brussels
And as we saw in San Bernardino, we are not immune from the threat at home…
It is enormously difficult to track all of them, or defend soft targets like those attacked in Brussels and previously in Paris.
Europe is facing a real threat from the thousands who have traveled abroad to Syria and Iraq to train with ISIS, and have returned home.
Terrorist bombings this morning – focused on airport &amp; transit system – bear all hallmarks of ISIS-inspired or coordinated attack. #Brussels
Don't often agree w/ George Will, but do here: GOP arguments against hearings on SCOTUS nominee are patently wrong. https://t.co/y0Vbpo2ONi
Thank you @DrLucyJones for years of leadership in earthquake preparedness &amp; safety. We are grateful your work will continue at @Caltech.
I'm deeply disappointed in #HSR Authority’s decision to move forward w/ these routes through Angeles National Forest https://t.co/zwlKWN6dPw
Pleased @DeptofDefense nominated Gen. Lori Robinson as 1st female US combatant commander. Looking forward to more women in leadership roles.
Just voted NO on @SpeakerRyan’s plan to speak on behalf of the House in SCOTUS case on DAPA and expanded DACA. Let’s #KeepFamiliesTogether.
Congress should now pass the ORCA Act to make these changes permanent across the country, not just at SeaWorld, but in all parks.
These changes are something advocates have been urging for years. @SeaWorld will find visitors will reward with renewed interest in parks.
.@SeaWorld decision to end captive breeding means that current generation of captive Orcas in parks will be last. https://t.co/FmP7YM7rox
My full statement on Justice Garland as #SCOTUSnominee: https://t.co/nTcGtVIRqP
Judge Garland deserves hearing before the Senate &amp; vote on nomination ASAP. Anything else would set a dangerous precedent. #SCOTUSnominee
With today's nomination of Merrick Garland, @POTUS chose #SCOTUSnominee that is superbly qualified for our nation’s highest court.
ICYMI: I joined @KTLAMorningNews to discuss the #AppleVsFBI case this week and what's likely to happen in Congress: https://t.co/0TJidNIJsk
Great to have NASA astronaut @Astro_Wheels join me in visiting students today! #toinfinityandbeyond https://t.co/nqZcnCWWOx
Tonight @JuliaBrownley26 &amp; I host a second Town Hall to discuss expanding the #SMMNRA. Hope you can join us: https://t.co/YPUhFeRa6A
Will be joining @KTLAMorningNews @KTLA in a few minutes to catch up on all the world news and what's happening in Congress!
En route to our Town Hall to discuss Santa Monica Mountains Nat'l Recreation Area expansion. Hope to see you there! https://t.co/YPUhFeRa6A
Great to see 11 mile extension @metrolosangeles’s Gold Line! Proud to have carried bill to get line started. https://t.co/aXt2B8soRl
As it currently stands, I will not support the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  Read my full thoughts here: https://t.co/eulJfXEVmF #TPP
Join my Town Hall tonight at @LAZoo to discuss expanding SMMNRA &amp; preserving open space in our region. Event info: https://t.co/YPUhFezzf2
.@NatlParkService report recommends expanding SMMNRA – as I begin drafting legislation, I want to hear from you: https://t.co/YPUhFeRa6A
My op-ed today in @thedailybeast: "From the Levant to Libya, This Is How You Beat ISIS" https://t.co/zs0JZcLWix
As First Lady, Nancy Reagan was elegant, articulate &amp; graceful, &amp; forceful champion of her husband. Thoughts are with entire Reagan family.
Thanks to @nytopinion for support. My bill to #RepealPLCAA would give all gun victims their day in court.  https://t.co/TkPhVTtY1M
Even in the midst of heated campaign, it’s the responsibility of all who believe in rule of law &amp; human rights to condemn these remarks.
Let’s be clear: these are war crimes, no matter who is ordering or carrying out, whether field commander, agency head, general, or president
.@realDonaldTrump cannot have it both ways – will be abide by the laws of war and denounce these positions, or won't he?
Although @realDonaldTrump has now said that he would obey law, he has yet to specifically disavow torture or killing families of our enemies
A major step forward for gender equality this #WomensHistoryMonth as the military begins to recruit #WomeninCombat. https://t.co/YNCB7FGVXc
Some welcome good news – economy continued to grow, with 242k jobs in February.  Hiring more robust than expected https://t.co/PjOtmrbzoZ
Hosting town hall at @LAZoo on 3/8 to discuss preservation of #RimoftheValley – want to hear your thoughts. Join us: https://t.co/YPUhFezzf2
.@swirlOsquirrel Appreciate your taking the time to participate in our town hall!
Welcome home, @StationCDRKelly and safe landing tonight. Congrats on a phenomenal &amp; record breaking #YearinSpace! https://t.co/BIKHDa5VyS
55 yrs later, @PeaceCorps continues important work to promote peace. Always enjoy meeting such wonderful volunteers. https://t.co/o4ZKt9zKJr
This tax season, don't be one of thousands scammed online. Learn how to protect your money &amp; identity https://t.co/RU72rOs1io #StopIRSFraud
Will be joining @jaketapper on CNN around 1:45 pm ET/10:45 am PT to discuss #AppleVsFBI and ISIS in #Libya.
Pleased to welcome Amir Hekmati to Capitol. Freed from custody in Iran, we are grateful to have him home #FreedAmir https://t.co/oUkfveK9Lq
.@RepSteveIsrael Much much too happy. “Meet the Mets” should always be sung as if it’s a funeral dirge. Much better: https://t.co/nT8KCEB3Uf
I'm proud to receive a 100% on my #LCVScorecard for my votes in Congress to protect our environment. https://t.co/DJo2lJVUhz
Read my full statement here: https://t.co/ALFS9Xc7BQ https://t.co/jDPylzVuzt
Closing the #Guantanamo prison will make us safer, it will save us money, and it is the right thing to do.
At very least Congress should get out of way &amp; lift restrictions that make it difficult or impossible to close Guantanamo, once and for all.
It's time for Congress to work with the Administration to put in place a legal regime that works – not block it at every turn. #GTMO
...for duration of conflict under laws of war, our maximum security prisons or military facilities are more than capable of doing the job.
As report to Congress makes clear, to degree that a category of detainees are not suitable for prosecution and must continue to be held ...
We have a proven and effective alternative in our federal courts, which have consistently disposed of our most serious terrorism cases.
Continued operation of #GTMO damages our 'intnl standing, provides propaganda tool for terror &amp; costs 100s of millions of dollars each year.
I welcome the President’s submission to Congress of a blueprint to finally shutter the prison at Guantanamo Bay. #GTMO
#PorterRanch gas leak is finally sealed for good; those responsible must be held accountable. https://t.co/Fee990vNwx
W/ study in hand, we will move forward with crafting legislation while consulting with the community &amp; stakeholders. https://t.co/bKe1ASHHFX
Today, @NatlParkService released recommendation to expand Santa Monica National Recreation Area over 170,000 acres. https://t.co/bKe1ASHHFX
Hope @POTUS will quickly nominate, &amp; Senate confirm, a new Justice so that full Court can resolve many important cases coming up this term.
Whether you agreed with Justice Scalia's decisions or not, his distinctive jurisprudence will long influence our legal system.
Justice Antonin Scalia was a passionate member of the Supreme Court with a powerful intellect and biting wit.
Thank you @POTUS for preserving &amp; protecting 1.8m acres of SoCal open spaces w/ 3 newly designated natn'l monuments. https://t.co/T6eW9jwAUE
He did it again!  Albert Einstein that is. #Science!  https://t.co/9TITrCbIuY
Thank you @RepDanKildee for initiative to provide funds for #FlintWaterCrisis. We must support victims &amp; hold those responsible accountable
Happy Year of the Monkey! I hope this new lunar year will bring good health, peace, and prosperity to all.
So cool to see CA-28's very own Youth Orchestra of Los Angeles accompany Coldplay at halftime! #SuperBowl
... increase our own military presence so that both North Korea and its Chinese patron understand how seriously we take these provocations.
In the meantime, the United States will need to work with our allies in the region to strengthen their missile defense capabilities and...
As Secretary of State John Kerry's said last month, China must cease 'business as usual' with North Korea.
... of a disastrous conflict there should the North Korean dictator miscalculate.
China's desire to maintain a divided Korean peninsula as a buffer against the United States cannot outweigh the danger...
China's efforts to moderate North Korea have failed. Beijing must join intn'l community in supporting stronger sanctions on the rogue regime
... to defy multiple UN res by proceeding with ballistic missile tests signals that he views himself as unconstrained by any intn'l norms.
Decision by Kim Jong-Un, who has outdone father &amp; grandfather in his belligerence &amp; provocative behavior toward the outside world ...
#NorthKorea launch threatens to further destabilize the region &amp;  reinforces threat that Pyongyang poses to the region and wider world.
Twitter @gov announcement they augmented efforts to find &amp; remove content, use anti-spam tools to fight #ISIS is very positive development
Great op-ed in @latimes this morning: "California is being a cheapskate with its earthquake early warning system" https://t.co/KfwJpHgobZ
Important @nytopinion piece on unacceptable human rights abuses by President Erdogen against own Turkish citizens. https://t.co/oAGTfj9IRM
Congressional hearing today on the unconscionable #FlintWaterCrisis. @onetoughnerd must testify, families affected deserve to know the truth
Honored to be part of event. We are due for another earthquake &amp; question is not if, but when, the big one will hit! https://t.co/7zBlIRkcxj
It really is Groundhog Day! How do we know?  Congress is voting to repeal the #ACA...again. https://t.co/bvlDvhviNH
Proud to receive a 100+ on @HumaneSociety 2015 report for work to protect animal welfare! https://t.co/FZlaNGOTH6 https://t.co/4UQZIrcJZQ
Fair Pay Act was made law 9 yrs ago. #EqualPay is not only a women’s issue, but an issue that affects all families dependent on those wages.
An inspiring tribute on #HolocaustMemorialDay. Such bravery in the face of the darkest of evils: https://t.co/LYslqb26tq.
Read more about our efforts to repeal PLCAA here: https://t.co/8PXXEgpFHV https://t.co/BtG805mxUl
Good gun companies don’t need special immunity from the law, and bad gun companies certainly don’t deserve it. #RepealPLCAA
PLCAA repeal provides victims w/ justice while creating incentives for responsible business practices that would reduce injuries and deaths.
@SenBlumenthal &amp; I introduced legislation to repeal PLCAA which shields gun industry from liability when it acts negligently. #RepealPLCAA
Powerful argument from @POTUS about why we must reform #solitary confinement. Been pushing for years for this. https://t.co/S13sunjSbt
12 years ago, Opportunity rover touched down on Mars! Here’s to many, many more, @MarsRovers of amazing science!  https://t.co/8SC8X3Ouip
ICYMI: Appeared on @FoxNewsSunday today to discuss the partisan congressional investigations against Hillary Clinton https://t.co/CNewdWjlJE
Will be on @FoxNewsSunday tomorrow. Hope you can watch! https://t.co/2bq6tiYdrU
Talked with MSNBC about significant milestone of #IranDeal implementation, continued need for vigilance. Watch here: https://t.co/0R4ozYuWqJ
Read my full statement here on the "Implementation Day" of the #IranDeal: https://t.co/lF442cRi2z
...its threats to Israel, military interference in Yemen, support of Syria's Assad, &amp; shots it has literally taken across our bow (2/2)
We have witnessed in Iran's continued support for terrorism, its ballistic missile violations.... (1/2)
We will still have deep differences with Iran and no one should expect to see any sweeping changes in the malevolent nature of the regime...
In particular, we will need to guard against any Iranian effort to obtain nuclear material or technology from proliferators abroad.
#IranDeal was never predicated on trust but on an intrusive inspections regime designed to ensure Iran would fully implement its commitments
The U.S. &amp; IAEA will need to work 24/7 to monitor Iran's continued compliance, stand ready to reimpose some or all of sanctions if necessary
But the announcement that "Implementation Day" has arrived is only a beginning.
Most important, these steps have pushed Iran's potential breakout time to more than a year, instead of a matter of weeks or months #IranDeal
Confirmation today by IAEA that Iran has dismantled substantial portions of its nuclear program as required by deal is significant milestone
Never should have been detained.  Hope we will learn more about Robert Levinson, still missing.
Glad to hear four Americans held in Iran, including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian are finally coming home.
Guns are the only industry immune to liability. Good actors don’t need immunity. Bad actors don’t deserve it. #PLCAA https://t.co/W8L0O5nU9h
My full statement on the President's last #SOTU speech tonight to Congress. https://t.co/81JM53YmBh
.@POTUS "That’s the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Optimistic that unarmed truth &amp; unconditional love will have final word" #SOTU
"Better politics doesn’t mean we have to agree on everything. This is a big country w different regions, attitudes &amp; interests" @POTUS #SOTU
.@POTUS: “When politicians insult Muslims, when a mosque is vandalized, or a kid bullied, that doesn’t make us safer.” #SOTU
.@POTUS: "Our foreign policy must be focused on the threat from ISIL and al Qaeda, but it can’t stop there." #SOTU
.@POTUS: "When you come after Americans, we go after you. It may take time, but we have long memories, and our reach has no limit." #SOTU
.@POTUS: US "people should know that with or without Congressional action, ISIL will learn the same lessons as terrorists before them" #SOTU
.@POTUS calls on Congress to pass #AUMF against ISIS... "If this Congress is serious about winning this war...take a vote" #SOTU
.@POTUS: "That spirit of discovery is in our DNA...And over the past seven years, we’ve nurtured that spirit." #SOTU
.@POTUS: "We did not, in the words of Lincoln, adhere to the 'dogmas of the quiet past.' Instead we thought anew, and acted anew." #SOTU
Pleased to host @BurbankCA Mayor Frutos at tonight's #SOTU address. Thank you for your leadership in our community! https://t.co/SAVAW72O8v
House should move forward with #AUMF notwithstanding @SenateMajLdr. Can't ignore our  constitutional responsibility  https://t.co/zjOoTAu4kK
Mexican authorities captured fugitive #ElChapo today. He has been captured twice before; #Mexico should extradite to US for prosecution.
Investment disparity between public &amp; private CA institutions forces public universities to do more, with much less. https://t.co/IeNPbWpOLt
Silicon Valley has some of the most creative minds in the world, and only good can come from this engagement. https://t.co/KgmDkO0Jnj
I'm encouraged that there is a new interest from leadership, @SpeakerRyan in taking up an ISIS-specific #AUMF.  https://t.co/O6mmMN1YfR
One yr after #CharlieHebdo massacre, attacks on humanity, freedom &amp; press continue. And still we remain steadfast in the face of such evil.
Voted NO on latest attempt to end #ACA, which has expanded healthcare for millions. How many more times must we have this pointless vote?
Discussed upcoming #Benghazi Committee testimony &amp; threat from North Korea on @mitchellreports. Watch here: https://t.co/z1CB4EfjAa
.@RepSteveIsrael is dear friend. Departure from Congress will be big blow to institution. Can't wait to learn about next chapter in his life
.@NRA If advocating for commonsense gun safety reforms gives an "F rating," I can live with that. #StopGunViolence https://t.co/6qe69HBcuP
.@POTUS is right: "The gun lobby may be holding Congress hostage right now, but they cannot hold America hostage." #NotOneMore
Overwhelming majority in US support universal background checks, including 74% of NRA members. And yet, Congress repeatedly refused to act.
Expanding background checks for gun purchases, expanding mental health access &amp; increasing # of ATF agents investigating gun law violations.
In face of intense NRA lobbying &amp; continued obstruction by Congress, @POTUS right to take executive action to curb gun violence. #NotOneMore
Congress included major funding this year to build out a critical Earthquake Early Warning System on the west coast: https://t.co/gBZ3xujlJS
As 2015 draws to a close, I wanted to update you on some issues &amp; legislation I have worked to advance this year: https://t.co/4pmHHJ3fND
Joining @KTLAMorningNews at 8:30 am to discuss ISIS, terror threat in wake of San Bernardino &amp; funding for Earthquake Early Warning system.
Far past time for Congress to act on AUMF against ISIS. I've proposed reasonable compromise: https://t.co/1lJRd3YtYL https://t.co/MmsXK3cJJ0
A very Merry Christmas to all from the Schiff family to yours!
At my urging, Congress passed Lautenberg Amendment extension - lifeline for religious minorities fleeing persecution https://t.co/Wxuafl2zS9
Great news! More competition in the #broadband Internet market means faster speeds &amp; more options for consumers.  https://t.co/Cv3dbFJ3jl
Joined @FoxNewsSunday to discuss threat to national security from ISIS &amp; what more we should be doing to combat them https://t.co/B8wSXg6ixf
I'll be on @FoxNewsSunday tomorrow discussing the recent terror attacks &amp; threats, as well as the fight against ISIS https://t.co/NVEn8x01cn
Proud to stand with my colleagues today to introduce the #AssaultWeaponsBan. These weapons have no place in our communities. #EnoughisEnough
Much more will be known in the coming days.  For updates for parents and students, please visit https://t.co/QK36RafmQO or call 213-241-2064
The investigation into LAUSD threat is still ongoing. Preliminary assessment is it was a hoax to disrupt school districts in large cities.
3 years after #SandyHook tragedy, Congress has done nothing to fight scourge of gun violence. We must honor victims with action. #NotOneMore
I'm hosting a Facebook Q+A at 12 pm PT today answering your questions. Ask yours here: https://t.co/rIrBIZDIiu https://t.co/iJqbSPP3r4
I just signed petition to force vote on closing egregious loophole that allows FBI Terrorist Watchlist suspects to buy guns. #NoMoreSilence
Unacceptable for Majority Leadership to play politics with healthcare for 9/11 first responders. #Renew911Health https://t.co/3mNGBKYMUZ
Today, I voted to support strengthening security measures in Visa Waiver Program. My Floor speech explaining why: https://t.co/EL9Nom7xnE
Donald Trump's comments that we should bar Muslims, even those serving in uniform, from US were absurd &amp; un-American https://t.co/pHFCihgtYK
I'll be talking with @maddow on MSNBC around 6:35 pm PT/9:35 pm ET about the need for Congress to debate &amp; vote on an ISIS-specific #AUMF.
Absurd and un-American -- the only way to describe Donald Trump's call to bar all Muslims from entry into the US. Great propaganda for ISIS.
On this day that will live on in infamy, we remember those who tragically lost their lives &amp; thank those who serve our country. #PearlHarbor
To all lighting first candle on menorah this evening, I hope this begins wonderful Hannukah celebration for your family. Happy Hannukah!
Absolutely, no question. Congress must end its abdication of responsibility on a new #AUMF. https://t.co/h4W9AFxiaA
Towards that end, I have been working on new draft authorization to combat ISIS &amp; Al Qaeda that I plan to present in the coming days. #AUMF
I also urge Congress to take up an authorization for the use of force against ISIS and end its abdication of responsibility over war effort.
.@POTUS right. We must pass legislation to deprive #NoFlyList access to guns, and to curtail the wide availability of assault weapons
...And must do far more with community abroad to counter the pernicious bastardization of the faith that urges the slaughter of innocents.
We will continue to work closely with the Islamic community in the United States to identify those at risk of radicalization...
And in this facet of the struggle -- as @POTUS pointed out -- the Muslim community at home and abroad must be our chief ally.
Ultimately, ISIS must be defeated on the ideological battlefield as well as militarily.
...its capacity to inspire followers &amp; supporters around the world &amp; here at home, &amp; its ability to mount another massive coordinated attack
When ISIS ceases to hold territory, will still be threat for many years, but world will have degraded its perceived aura of invincibility...
These attacks demonstrate urgency of defeating ISIS &amp; depriving it of time, resources &amp; space in Iraq and Syria to plot and plan against us.
...that those radicalized by ISIS propaganda here at home would choose now to act on its malicious urgings
The ISIS-inspired mass shooting in San Bernardino was the realization of our gravest fear after the Paris attacks... #POTUSSpeech
I talked with @AlexWitt on MSNBC today about the threat from radicalization from ISIS propaganda, and #SanBernardino https://t.co/m2NuxN9VWU
Women have served, fought &amp; died for our country. Decision by Sec Carter to allow #WomenInCombat is absolutely right https://t.co/afCzUtwOIF
For my full statement on the #SanBernardino shootings, please read: https://t.co/FX6077nkmC
I am ready to trade the moments of silence, for moments of action. #NotOneMore #EnoughIsEnough
I don't want to lose another father, mother or child to crazed gunman, and I don't want U.S. to be known around world for its gun violence.
My constituents don't accept that weekly mass shootings are new normal or that we're incapable of doing anything about it. And neither do I.
These reforms may or may not have impacted shooting in San Bernardino or its lethality, but they would save lives in countless other cases.
Why does anyone need military style assault weapon with extended ammunition clip for hunting or self-protection?  Simple answer: they don’t.
Must require background check for every gun sale, make easier to preclude those w serious mental health probs from gaining access weapons.
There are many reasonable proposals in Congress that would, without question, reduce gun violence and mass shootings in America. #NotOneMore
I am confident the FBI will get to the bottom of what took place and why, and whether anything might have been done to prevent the attack.
At this point it is too early to rule anything in or out – it may have been workplace violence or it may have been more.
FBI is conducting investigation into suspects to determine motive &amp; whether there is any connection to terror or evidence of radicalization.
This morning, I was briefed by the FBI on the investigation into the mass shooting in #SanBernardino.
At this point, we can’t rule anything out. We're examining if any links to terror, workplace violence or other motivations. #SanBernardino
I would much rather have moments of action than moments of silence on the House floor. #NotOneMore #EnoughIsEnough https://t.co/MSEDE6Xehe
British Parliament deserves credit for doing something Congress has yet to undertake, and that is, allow a full debate and vote on #ISIS war
Once facts are known &amp; shooter, or shooters, are apprehended, we need to intensify efforts to end scourge of gun violence across country.
Horrified by images of a mass shooting in #SanBernardino. Absolutely horrified. We are closely monitoring situation.
.@RepMikeRogers Thanks, Mike. Continuing a fine tradition of bipartisan Intel cooperation established by you and @Call_Me_Dutch
On #WorldAIDSDay let's recommit to supporting research for cure &amp; continue challenging stigma surrounding diagnosis https://t.co/rTHqmovpJn
We also must never let our focus on any 1 threat distract us from other challenges we face like those from Iran, North Korea, Russia &amp; China
Recent Paris attacks drive home how vigilant we need to be, and the IAA provides urgent resources for the fight against ISIS and Al Qaeda.
House just overwhelmingly approved the FY 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act (HR 4127) on a bipartisan 364-58 vote. https://t.co/pjYccLliMj
Real vulnerability is people with European passports who can travel without a visa to U.S. And we're going to have to address that issue.
On @ThisWeekABC: One continuing vulnerability is our airports.  All too often, when we test the TSA, they fail. https://t.co/iGSTLsGqKe
We have to do something other than this now routine pantomime of condolence after a mass shooting. #EnoughIsEnough https://t.co/iGSTLsGqKe
As we continue to confront terrorist threats, reforms such as these are a model of how privacy and security need not be mutually exclusive
Even now, after bipartisan momentum to end #NSA bulk collection, some have used recent attacks in Paris as an excuse to restart the program.
At heart of gun violence problem all too often is easy access to lethal weapons by people with serious mental health problems #EnoughIsEnoug
What's needed is legislative action by Congress to combat gun violence and increase gun safety in America. #EnoughIsEnough
Our hearts go out to his family &amp; families of other victims. But words are not enough and ring hollow each time we see another mass killing.
Another mass shooting, this time in Colorado at a Planned Parenthood where 3 died, including Officer Swasey who gave life to protect others
Will be talking with @MarthaRaddatz on @ThisWeekABC on Sunday about terror threat &amp; ISIS strategy in Syria and Iraq. https://t.co/LZBKEoCWIY
Happy Thanksgiving!
My family is going to NYC Thanksgiving parade &amp; we will be there w/ Americans from all over country to participate in time-honored tradition
Intelligence community &amp; law enforcement are taking every precaution to keep our country safe, and to protect our communities.
There is always the risk that people on the fringes of society will choose now to act on the social media urgings of ISIS.
After multiple briefings, I share @POTUS assessment that there is no specific, credible threat to U.S. arising out of the Paris plot.
The Paris attacks have many Americans on edge during this holiday season, and this is understandable in light of the horror of those events.
#CPIA would help #KeepKidsSafe by ensuring youth programs access to nationwide background checks. https://t.co/Nn7wrwFNCu
Congress must act on increase in violence against trans community to ensure they feel safe from discrimination &amp; brutality. #equality4trans
Let’s honor #ChildrensDay by ratifying UN Convention on Rights of Children. US remains the only UN nation not to ratify the #CRC.
Takes 1-2 yrs to be vetted &amp; come to US as a refugee. Of approx. 2,000 #SyrianRefugees resettled here, none has been arrested for terrorism.
There are persistent threats to country from ISIS, Al Qaeda and homegrown extremists, not from women &amp; children fleeing violence in #Syria.
We shouldn't bar door to people fleeing ISIS violence, often religious minorities, who have nowhere else to go, &amp; bill would've done that.
I just voted against the House bill to halt #SyrianRefugee program.
Great to join @KTLAMorningNews to discuss the upcoming #SyriaRefugees vote in Congress, and latest in Paris attacks. https://t.co/h28XWli0e2
We should discuss with Turkey &amp; Jordan a buffer zone that would be policed on ground by Turkish/ Gulf nations &amp; from the air by US/coalition
And even the best intelligence agencies — and we have the best — aren’t going to be able to stop every plot.
We have to put an end to that ISIS sanctuary in Iraq/Syria if we’re going to dramatically reduce the risk to our country.
Until we successfully evaporate ISIS sanctuary in Syria, they will have time, space &amp; resources to plot against us. https://t.co/olMQ8yRmjc
Nobody in Congress has standing to complain about Administration's conduct in ISIS war when we don’t have guts to debate &amp; vote on an #AUMF.
We need not choose between security &amp; compassion for women &amp; children fleeing ISIS. Keep our strong #SyrianRefugee vetting process working!
LA City Hall lit up last night in solidarity with #Paris. We cannot allow tragedy to divide us or harden our hearts https://t.co/PR5qclZ23z
Our commitment to refugees &amp; security of American people are not mutually exclusive. @RepZoeLofgren @HomelandDems https://t.co/D3DnZt0yHk
Joined CNN's @NewDay to discuss the latest in the investigation into the #ParisAttacks, what we know &amp; what we don't https://t.co/0pvJChk9Bc
@MariaSansone @gdla always a pleasure to join you, @SteveGDLA  and @Araksya, even when in DC!
I'll be talking with @chrislhayes on MSNBC @allinwithchris at 8:15 pm ET/5:15 pm ET about the #ParisAttacks. #inners
Glad to see Washington Post support the effort to end the captivity of killer whales. #ORCAact https://t.co/qYICFjE3VL
Today, I formally introduced the ORCA Act to responsibly phase out keeping orcas in captivity for public display. https://t.co/Z1eUPPWwK8
When world is experiencing refugee crisis of magnitude not seen since WWII, are we to abandon allies awash w refugees &amp; not do our part?
Will we preserve our cherished freedoms, our liberty and our privacy even while we take steps to steel our defenses?
It is in times like these, when fear of future attacks is at its greatest &amp; pain of loss is most acute, that values of a nation are tested.
Will need to examine &amp; intensify rigorous national security checks on potential refugees, &amp; take all possible steps to vet those we admit.
Turning our backs on refugees runs counter to proud &amp; generous heritage of U.S. that has always helped those in need during turbulent times.
Spoke with @NPRinskeep on @MorningEdition about the #ParisAttacks &amp; limits of intelligence. Thanks for having me on. https://t.co/UQbke1tpkA
.@jahimes absolutely right. Administration acknowledges we are at war. Yet w/o Congressional authorization. Time for Congress to do its job.
Even the best intelligence will not stop a determined enemy that adapts to our defenses and ISIS has adapted. #ParisAttacks
We cannot allow ISIS to have unmolested sanctuary in Syria &amp; Iraq to plan &amp; direct attacks against us because some attacks will get through.
We’re a harder target, a harder target to reach, but we know ISIS aspires to attack us here in the United States as well.
The #ParisAttacks were an ISIS attack, likely directed and equipped out of Syria. My interview on @ThisWeekABC:  https://t.co/sGpwXNMe8t
I'll be talking with @GStephanopoulos on  @ThisWeekABC tomorrow morning to discuss the #ParisAttack.
Read my full statement below: https://t.co/3R1hbXYuoC
I will continue to be briefed as details emerge &amp; want to express my deepest sympathies to the French people, the victims and their families
Many hundreds of French citizens have traveled to Syria and Iraq, and the risk from those who return is well known and severe.
...this clearly coordinated series of violent acts bears all the hallmarks of international terrorism. 2/2
While we await determination of the identity of those responsible &amp; their motivation, given disturbing similarities to other attacks... 1/2
.@PauleyP Horrified to hear of your attack. Sending you well wishes for a speedy recovery and so grateful for all you do for our community.
If death confirmed, would be significant blow to ISIS &amp; their international propaganda efforts, &amp;  measure of justice for those he butchered
Intelligence community &amp; DOD are working hard to confirm if he was indeed killed, but this is someone we have been after for quite some time
Last evening, I was notified that U.S. military forces conducted an airstrike in Raqqa targeting Mohamed Emwazi, also known as "Jihadi John"
Well done, @Munchkin_Inc!  https://t.co/svSCPG0WFw
Proud of @POTUS for voicing his support of the #EqualityAct and seeking an end to discrimination based on sexual orientation or identity.
Thank you to all veterans who have served our country. And thank you, Dad (go Army). This #VeteransDay &amp; every day, we salute your sacrifice
Read my full statement and information on the legislation I proposed -- The ORCA Act -- here: https://t.co/7EdRGW4SGE
Fact remains that as long as they holds orcas in captivity, physical &amp; psychological problems associated with their captivity will persist.
Much more needs to be done &amp; I would urge SeaWorld to curtail the breeding of their orcas and partner in the creation of ocean sanctuaries.
Decision by #SeaWorld to phase out killer whale shows in San Diego is welcome step towards ending captivity of these magnificent creatures.
If this is a bomb by the affiliate of ISIS in the Sinai, ISIS has now fully eclipsed al-Qaeda as the gravest terror threat in the world.
This is a problem here at home, too. When we test the TSA, they fail. And I think we really need to step up our security here.
There’s a growing body of intelligence and evidence that this was a bomb, still not conclusive, but a growing body of evidence.
Was on @ThisWeekABC w @GStephanopoulos to discuss whether ISIS was responsible for bringing down #Metrojet airliner. https://t.co/yevYqEgjmR
I'll be appearing on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos on Sunday to discuss the latest on the #RussianPlane and #ISIS.
Orcas are too socially complex, too intelligent, too long-lived and simply too big to thrive in confinement #ORCAact https://t.co/pZmeg8hgsO
I announced today I will be introducing the ORCA Act to phase out orca captivity nationwide https://t.co/pZmeg8hgsO https://t.co/qmzDkAAYzm
Strong #jobsreport, adding 268k new jobs and bringing unemployment rate to 5 percent, lowest since 2008. Still want to see more wage growth.
#ISIS does have capability to place bomb on aircraft b/c it doesn’t require a lot of sophistication @mitchellreports https://t.co/E64aDT3Ve4
.@SenFeinstein is is exactly right -- it's time to close Gitmo. https://t.co/x7QbKEaUcy
I would urge people not to jump to any conclusions yet on #Russian airplane. Still trying to confirm cause of crash. https://t.co/3dz9ZIPHCH
Vote to repeal LGBT nondiscrimination law in #Houston unfortunate reminder how much is left to be done to achieve equality in America. #HERO
Over 20,000 #Syrians already  screened by @DHSgov &amp; who have family members in US can be admitted if President grants humanitarian parole.
I urged @POTUS to grant humanitarian parole to #SyrianRefugees with approved immigrant petitions and family in U.S. https://t.co/a5CflP6R6c
#ClimateChange undeniably a catalyst for conflict in vulnerable countries. My op-ed on its nat'l security impacts: https://t.co/ixw3XNtRnJ
My statement on Obama Administration's decision to send U.S. special operations forces into Syria to fight #ISIS. https://t.co/5WeKhyIexW
The House just chose Rep. Paul Ryan as our new Speaker. He's a good man and a friend, and I wish him well. We need to work together.
This budget deal puts us in position to move away from governing crisis to crisis &amp; make smart investments in our future. #BudgetDeal
Today, colleagues and I sent letter urging @POTUS to increase budget for West Coast Earthquake Early Warning System. https://t.co/ym9cmaGWhF
Just voted to reauthorize the #ExImBank which supports US exports and - most importantly - US jobs #ExIm4Jobs
Pleased Senate joined House in passing cyber information sharing bill &amp; I'm confident we will reach final agreement. https://t.co/HkQLAs6Seo
Will be talking with @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom at 5:10 pm ET/2:10 pm PT about ISIS in Syria.
We must not let implementation of Positive Train Control be next issue that Congress kicks down road in perpetuity. https://t.co/QFGLfC8ZSK
Spoke with @FaceTheNation this morning. It's difficult to justify continuation of #Benghazi Committee investigation  https://t.co/FnN9oHSvXV
Will be appearing on CBS's @FaceTheNation this Sunday. Hope you can tune in. https://t.co/8Fwkfg6AEd
As required by my bet w/ @RepSteveIsrael here's my rendition of "Meet the Mets." Didn't say I had to be enthusiastic https://t.co/nT8KCEB3Uf
.@RepSteveIsrael @Mets @Dodgers Glad you liked my makeshift Mets tie! https://t.co/DBkwcvEO9F
Spoke with @nprmontagne on NPR @MorningEdition about Secretary Clinton's testimony before the #BenghaziCommittee. https://t.co/nhfFo2rR0I
ICYMI: Spoke with @maddow on MSNBC following conclusion of Secretary Clinton's testimony before #BenghaziCommittee:  https://t.co/QOdvayULIq
Clinton today demonstrated why she made such a good Secretary of State, especially in light of the lengthy &amp; partisan questioning. #Benghazi
WATCH: My second round of questioning of Secretary Clinton before the #BenghaziCommittee tonight. Still more to go. https://t.co/UV8qZAcRa9
#BenghaziCommittee in 2nd round of questioning w/Secretary Clinton. Still no word from Chairman how late we will go https://t.co/ftvv1Oa2FU
Fact – CIA told us there was nothing in that email that was classified nor was the name of that person who was well known to many.
you risked the lives of people by sending an email that contained the name of a classified CIA source.
Fact – As recently as last week the Chairman issued a thirteen page letter, which alleges that....
twenty-seven of them are about you or the State Department and five are about everything else.
Fact – of the thirty-two press releases that have been issued since March of this year....
Fact –Of 70k pages of documents obtained by Committee, only documents Chairman has chosen to release publicly are HRC emails with Blumenthal
Fact – We haven’t had a single hearing with the Department of Defense in seventeen months.
Fact – we abandoned our plans to bring in the Secretary of Defense and the head of the CIA.
Fact – After NYT issued its story in March, this Committee canceled all other hearings, except for the hearing with a witness named Clinton.
Fact – It was the next day the Majority approached us and had you come before this Committee.
...during debate showing tombstone of Ambassador Stevens among other things delivered 264,000 signatures demanding that you appear before us
Fact – What gave rise to your appearance here today was many months ago a group called the Stop Hillary PAC, which aired an offensive ad...
WATCH: My remarks during the first round of questioning of Secretary Clinton before the #BenghaziCommittee hearing: https://t.co/bNagbCBSu6
#Benghazi Committee is singularly focused on scoring political points against Hillary Clinton w/ testimony Thursday https://t.co/BCWUZA6yip
Joined @meetthepress this morning to discuss Secretary Clinton's upcoming testimony before the #Benghazi Committee https://t.co/7L0408gFiv
"We have nothing new to tell the families," says @RepAdamSchiff about the #Benghazi committee investigation on @meetthepress #MTP
Will be on @meetthepress with @chucktodd this Sunday to discuss the #Benghazi Committee and our upcoming hearing with Secretary Clinton #MTP
#JasonRezaian conviction an unconscionable miscarriage of justice. Iran's refusal to name crime or evidence blatantly disregards int'l law.
I wore purple today to celebrate GLAAD #SpiritDay, showing support for LGBT youth and standing against bullying. http://t.co/EE7aLYv4yK
.@RepSteveIsrael we'll see your @Mets back in Chavez Ravine Thursday! Greinke hungry for a win, I for NY bagels. #GoDodgers #LALovesOctober
With Kershaw on the mound, it's go time. #LetsGoDodgers, time to #BringItHome http://t.co/RmgbSyLACc
Clearly #Benghazi committee’s true interest was not in providing new answers about attack, but in damaging Clinton. http://t.co/blDqmnuuqj
Appeared on @cspan's #Newsmakers with @NiallStanage &amp; @relucasz this morning to discuss #Syria, #Benghazi Committee: http://t.co/fPNNKDGb3X
My statement on report that Republican whistleblower on #Benghazi Committee was fired for refusing to target Clinton http://t.co/aba22OaP2y
That will be @RepSteveIsrael! Looking forward to some fresh NY bagels too! #GoDodgers  https://t.co/tPr8SficFJ
ICYMI: I spoke with MSNBC's @mitchellreports today about the ending of the U.S. train and equip mission in #Syria https://t.co/MdxcXYGr2u
Just signed the discharge petition to force a vote on reauthorizing #ExImBank which supports US exports and US jobs #ExIm4Jobs
#DoSomething tweeters: I hear you, I agree with you. Words are not enough; action needed on background checks, mental health &amp; gun violence.
Transgender passengers must have equal ability to fly without fear of humiliation at @TSA security checkpoints.
I, along with 31 colleagues, sent a letter to @TSA urging reform of screening procedures for transgender passengers. http://t.co/1H4JnjxySj
Congress should follow CA's lead in passing Paycheck Fairness Act and ensure #equalpay for equal work nationwide. http://t.co/OsxpVbcxON
Glad to see @DrLucyJones recognized for work on earthquake preparedness. A reminder of need for Early Warning System http://t.co/5mxeURhRjM
There’s nothing to justify the #Benghazi committee’s long duration or expense. We have nothing to tell the families and the American people.
Today's must read in the @nytopinion: "Shut Down the #Benghazi Committee" http://t.co/BTHzn1k9bV
Pope’s unwavering commitment to peace, leadership on climate change, and condemnation of genocides make him more than worthy of the prize.
Today I, along with 35 of my colleagues, sent a letter nominating Pope Francis for Nobel Peace Prize. Read it here: http://t.co/MBL1S16JvS
Talked with MSNBC's @maddow tonight to discuss #Benghazi Committee. Enough is enough. Time to disband the Committee. https://t.co/qP3WWc68A3
Will be talking with Rachel @maddow tonight on MSNBC about the #Benghazi Committee around 9:30 pm ET/6:30 pm PT. Hope you can watch.
Miss me on @LateNightSeth discussing the partisan #Benghazi Committee? So did I! Watch here: http://t.co/GFxcAWw4NE http://t.co/XGAEXfg8M9
$4.5 mil wasted tax-payer dollars! Time to disband #Benghazi Committee that @GOPLeader has admitted is pure politics. http://t.co/5e6841jPjX
Just awful, no words. Thoughts &amp; prayers are not enough – action is needed. #GunViolence #UCCShooting
I believe that it's time to disband the #Benghazi Committee. Watch my interview with @JDBmsnbc here: https://t.co/KRl5PK5IAd
Please make sure the lox for my bagel is fresh, @RepSteveIsrael. The @Dodgers will best the @Mets in the NLDS! http://t.co/2plGCnoyT3
ICYMI: Spoke w/ MSNBC's @allinwithchris tonight about the #Benghazi Committee.  It's time for committee to disband. https://t.co/dgbxK3ARMR
The increased longevity of the regime – made possible by this Russian intervention – will only prolong the civil war. #Syria #Russia
The use of Russian military force in #Syria adds a troubling new development to a war effort already plagued with problems.
Talking with @chrislhayes on MSNBC at 8 pm ET/5 pm PT about @GOPLeader's blunt admission about #Benghazi Committee. #inners @allinwithchris
It’s time to pass long-term funding bills that allow agencies &amp; government to plan for future, rather than governing from crisis to crisis.
Voted YES on clean continuing resolution – w/o provisions defunding Planned Parenthood – which will fund government only through December.
Mixing politics and comedy this Saturday with @PeterSagal of #NPR at @WritersblockLA. Join us there: http://t.co/8atrFJatqZ.
.@GOPLeader acknowledgment of #Benghazi Committee's true &amp; illegitimate objective further underscores that it is time to shut Committee down
In boasting of how #Benghazi Committee had driven down Clinton  poll #s, @GOPLeader laid bare abusive purpose of taxpayer funded committee.
Blunt admission by @GOPLeader on #Benghazi Committee: has little to do with tragic night &amp; everything to do with attacking Hillary Clinton.
.@avolberding thx for complement but you need higher celebrity standards! Now DA Adam Schiff from Law &amp; Order – that’s a celebrity sighting!
It’s my hope that #MarsAnnouncement will ensure Congress fully funds Mars Program &amp; the Administration keeps the Mars 2020 mission on track
Wow!  https://t.co/a8Gpxu3cb5
Proliferation of special committees to score political points sets dangerous precedent both parties will come to regret in the years to come
When House created #Benghazi Committee, I feared it would mark new era of taxpayer-funded partisan committees. Those fears have come to pass
Two years later, and the #DRC still refuses to issue exit visas for adopted children. It's time to end this injustice and #UniteOurFamilies.
But if curbing cyber theft is a journey of a thousand miles, perhaps China has taken a first step. #ChinaCyber
...on Chinese businesses that continue to profit from the theft of American research and development.
I remain skeptical that China will deliver on this promise and believe it will be necessary to impose a series of increasing consequences...
No nation has done more to advance economic interests through theft of work product than China, at tremendous cost to U.S. businesses &amp; jobs
President Xi’s commitment to neither conduct nor support cyber espionage for commercial gain is long overdue.
Deeply disturbed by artillery shelling &amp; ceasefire violation by Azerbaijan that killed 3 Armenian women. US needs to condemn Azeri brutality
New speaker will not solve GOP conference's problems without real commitment by the majority party to meet the responsibility of governing.
Speaker Boehner is inherently decent man who cares deeply about institution of Congress. Resignation is sad commentary on dysfunction of GOP
Thoughts &amp; prayers go out to hundreds lost in tragic stampede in Mecca during their Hajj pilgrimage. Heart breaking. http://t.co/xrURFwVUEF
My op-ed in @TIME Magazine: Pope Francis deserves the Nobel Peace Prize http://t.co/SvXlFXPnRC
Pope Francis truly talks to the entire world community – not just his flock – urging all of us to treat each other as brothers and sisters.
..who has used his pulpit to encourage action on the issues that truly matter, informed by nothing other than his faith &amp; communion with God
But in Pope Francis, we find someone who transcends the trends and usual divides....
We tend to view everything through prism of transient popularity or politics – who's up or down, who's supporting Democrats or Republicans.
Today's address to Congress by Pope Francis was truly extraordinary. #PopeInDC
Pope Francis should be awarded Nobel Peace Prize  #PopeInDC http://t.co/TjL0BncB2P
To those observing #YomKippur this evening, I wish you and your family an easy fast and a peaceful time of reflection. Tzom kal.
Drugeon's death is a significant blow to the Khorasan group.
Drugeon’s expertise in building non-metallic explosives &amp; connections to foreign fighters has made removal from battlefield a high priority.
Death of Khorasan group bomb-maker David Drugeon is another major setback for Al Qaeda in Syria &amp; those involved in plotting against West.
Happy #IndependenceDay and Oorakh Angakhootyan Or to Armenians around the world! http://t.co/4GPcEyucWI
Planned Parenthood provides 2.7m people w/ crucial preventative services. I voted to oppose defunding. #StandWithPP http://t.co/sq5S5WV0zI
Today, we honor the sacrifice of U.S. #POW and those still #MIA. We will never forget their service to our country. http://t.co/3ZppcJqzgV
Anything less is an abdication of constitutional dimension &amp; the longer we wait, the greater the damage to our system of checks and balances
This dereliction of duty must end. Speaker must allow new AUMF to be debated on that addresses both war against Al Qaeda &amp; that against ISIS
But sadly, Congress has not only failed to reform 2001 AUMF, but also refused to take up a new AUMF authorizing ongoing war against ISIS.
For years, I've worked with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to sunset and replace this outdated authorization. #AUMF
...and that it would be relied upon to wage war against terrorist organization, ISIS, not in existence in 2001 &amp; often at war with Al Qaeda.
When I cast my vote just a week after the 9/11 attacks, I could not have imagined that fourteen years later the AUMF still be in use...
14 years ago, President George W. Bush signed into law an AUMF targeting terrorists who attacked us on 9/11, as well those who harbored them
Hey @RealDonaldTrump, Vaccines don't cause autism, but they do save lives. #VaccinesWork
Wrote to @US_FDA supporting their proposed new rule requiring labeling added sugars. Consumers deserve to know what they feed their families
I couldn’t build a clock or go-kart or really anything at 14, much less 55. Keep creating and being you. #IStandWithAhmed
On 9/11 first responders risked their lives in toxic fumes. Many suffer from devastating illness as a result. Congress must #Renew911Health.
I spoke with MSNBC's @Morning_Joe about Russia putting military hardware into Syria &amp; the humanitarian crisis there: https://t.co/Cyrgi70jr8
L'Shanah Tovah and Happy New Year to those celebrating #RoshHashanah tonight. http://t.co/e43HAu2IFs
Partisan fights are never over now. We just keep going through them over and over again like Groundhog Day. #IranDeal http://t.co/SaxtLXlYVC
My full statement on my #IranDeal vote can be found here, and I would welcome your comments and thoughts: https://t.co/OM6AvYbdna
With the deal now effectively passed, the Administration will begin to implement it.  In Congress, we should focus on making it stronger.
...and towards collaboration on the many ways Congress and the Administration can work to strengthen the deal and mitigate its risks.
I believe this is the right outcome but our work is far from over and I hope that attention will now turn from this often divisive debate...
The actions in the House and Senate this week have made clear that the deal will go forward and be implemented.
Voted to support #IranDeal negotiated by Administration &amp; P5+1 – a deal which will realistically prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapon.
We're grateful to the men &amp; women in armed forces, intelligence community &amp; law enforcement who work every day to protect us #NeverForget
We think about all those lost during the terrorist attacks on our nation fourteen years ago
...trying to get to my office, crowds streaming away, percussive impact of explosion at Pentagon, singing God Bless America on Capitol steps
Like all Americans, I remember exactly where I was when the planes hit. Watching those terrible – incomprehensible – images from New York...
I'll be talking with @WolfBlitzer on @CNNSitRoom around 6:25 pm ET/3:25 pm PT about the #IranDeal vote and other topics. Hope you can watch.
Just finished speaking on House Floor in support of #IranDeal, and am currently managing floor time on H.Res. 411: https://t.co/tzxMSrTmc6
The discovery of a new human species out of South Africa today may reshape our thinking of human history. Welcome to the family #HomoNaledi.
Today we celebrate our nation's workers with a commitment to providing safe and fair working conditions for all. #LaborDay
My oped in the New York Times this morning: "Disband the Benghazi Committee." http://t.co/7fdgYenBlL via @nytopinion
Will be talking with @jaketapper on @TheLeadCNN around 1:30 pm PT/4:30 pm ET about Syria and #ISIS.
Glad voice of @Dodgers, Vin Scully, will return.  No doubt he's best. I say that as native Bostonian &amp; @redsox fan! http://t.co/QoJ7UytHNq
For now, we will once again mourn loss of two more Americans. My thoughts &amp; prayers are with their families &amp; loved ones. 3/3 #WDBJshooting
With U.S. averaging nearly one such shooting each day, question remains – when will we be willing to do something meaningful to stop it? 2/3
Yet another horrific shooting today, this time in Virginia. Man killed two journalists &amp; wounded a third person, while they were on air. 1/3
95 years ago women gained the right to vote. The fight for equality continues today with equal pay &amp; affordable childcare #WomensEqualityDay
Went on @MSNBC this morning to discuss the train shooting in France, #IranDeal, &amp; Sec. Clinton's emails. Watch here: https://t.co/k4wsWXapPq
In awe of what those two American service members did to take down the shooter aboard that train in Europe. They make us all proud.
I'll be talking with @pagehopkins on MSNBC around 9 am PT/12 pm ET about the #IranDeal and Secretary Clinton's emails. Hope you can watch!
...he was a primary coordinator for moving large amounts of weapons, explosives, vehicles, and people between Iraq and Syria.
Al-Hayali was an ISIL Shura Council member and, as the senior deputy to ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi...
Death of Fadhil Ahmad al-Hayali, ISIL second in command, is significant &amp; substantial blow to ISIL, which has caused so much destruction.
Farewell, Jon. Loved watching you and your brilliant brand of satire. Evenings will never be the same. #JonVoyage http://t.co/Wyu1GyPVUm
Spotted this fine looking vehicle on our road trip. Really in our element now. #TheDudeAbides https://t.co/CpqTcJ6qzx
50 yrs ago, President Johnson signed the #VRA into law. Its protections remain vital to our democracy 50 yrs later. http://t.co/Et2PgW3tz8
Geeking out: asked question of @MarsCuriosity during #AMA &amp; they answered it! Ask yours here: https://t.co/8jfY5tfUsK http://t.co/hES79JoqQ1
.@Nick_Offerman I'm w/ you on this one Nick, but my son Eli is concerned about some of your other ideas. @PPact @NPWF http://t.co/A2CI7SWjFM
Will be on NPR @MorningEdition tomorrow morning explaining why I will support the #IranDeal with @nprmontagne.  https://t.co/aukgp8G9ns
I would welcome hearing your thoughts. Read my full statement on the #IranDeal here: http://t.co/Ag7d8JPt0S
...while joining forces with our allies to better contain Iran’s conventional capabilities and nefarious conduct in the region and beyond.
In absence of credible alternative, Congress should accept #IranDeal, work with White House to strengthen its impact...
Lack of robust access to sites of Iran’s past military work on nuclear weapons, permissible scope of enrichment program after only 15 years
There are other elements of the #IranDeal that are concerning, even deeply concerning...
In #IranDeal, our unilateral ability to snap back whole range of sanctions &amp; intrusive nature of inspections are key.
As one would expect in any negotiation with a bitter adversary, some elements of the deal turned out well, others less so. #IranDeal
#IranDeal realistically precludes Iran from developing an atomic bomb for 15 or more years, and does so while reducing the chances of war.
After several years of difficult negotiations with dangerous &amp; malevolent regime, P5+1 reached agreement with Iran over its nuclear program.
The @USDA must publish these new rules delay to protect our captive marine mammals. View the full letter here:  http://t.co/pJUZKoJkfb
Antiquated rules ignoring scientific research regard effects of captivity on #orca whales unacceptable, need updating http://t.co/pJUZKoJkfb
.@USDA must finalize regs to protect marine mammals in captivity. Sent letter @RepHuffman @SenFeinstein @SenatorBoxer http://t.co/pJUZKoJkfb
Darn. Didn't make @thehill's 50 Most Beautiful List again. Must have been number 51! #50MB  https://t.co/37jrwlfMpi
And yet, still no debate or vote on a war authorization in Congress.  #AUMF https://t.co/A0kajFkVpv
#Benghazi R's keep saying "We want to find out the truth" – which is, of course, what you say in a fishing expedition http://t.co/ogEQr5NudZ
ICYMI: I spoke with @AlexWitt today on MSNBC about #IranDeal, Clinton emails, closing #Guantanamo prison &amp; #ISIS: https://t.co/CjxH3JsTFd
Honored to be part of #SpecialOlympics #LA Presidential delegation led by @FLOTUS with @MaxineWaters, @Rep_JaniceHahn &amp; @RepLowenthal today.
Today's Read: "Congressman Wants Drones to Be Put on a Virtual Leash" via @LAWeeklyNews http://t.co/nAztPKpJq5
We have to find way to better treat mental illness &amp; keep guns out of hands of seriously ill &amp; those who otherwise pose threat to the public
While we don't yet know much about circumstances of this killing spree, I refuse to accept such senseless gun violence as the new normal.
Deeply saddened by the news of another deadly shooting, this time in Lafayette, Louisiana. #LafayetteShooting
IG referral was not criminal referral – indeed, no IG has made a criminal referral &amp; suggestion otherwise is deeply irresponsible. #Benghazi
Today, I voted against the so-called #DARKAct. Americans deserve right to know if their food contains #GMOs &amp; not be left in the dark.
.@LGBTEqCaucus &amp; I just introduced bill for comprehensive protection of #LGBT citizens. Proud to support #EqualityAct http://t.co/xtBVgAJSTP
Just finished a meeting with President Obama at the White House about the #IranDeal. I appreciated his time &amp; thoughts – what do you think?
Will be talking with @mitchellreports on MSNBC shortly at 12:45 pm ET/9:45 am PT about the #IranDeal and where things stand in Congress.
Violence against women soaring in #Mexico; murder rate for women now double the global average. http://t.co/hqTpkR2poI
3 journalists killed in a month in Mexico; more than 50 killed or disappeared since 2007. We can't ignore this violence in our own backyard.
Mass killings, beheadings, not halfway around world but in #Mexico. We must speak out http://t.co/hqTpkR2poI
ICYMI: I joined @TamronHall on MSNBC @newsnation to discuss the questions I'm asking about the #IranDeal. https://t.co/WH2Z4VooQc
46 years ago, Apollo 11 crew landed on the Moon. #ToTheMoonAndBeyond http://t.co/AoQSMjKzuZ http://t.co/CImBClALyT
ICYMI: I spoke with @JakeTapper on @TheLeadCNN this afternoon about #ISIS attacks and the #Chattanooga shooting:  https://t.co/9R55su1i4z
Will be talking with @JakeTapper on @TheLeadCNN at 4:10 pm EDT/1:10 pm PDT about the #Chattanooga shooting &amp; #ISIS. Hope you can tune in.
As the situation develops, the Intelligence Committee will receive continual updates.
We will, of course, be investigating whether these acts were the result of online propaganda or other extremist influence.
I received preliminary briefing. It's too early to determine whether gunman had connection to foreign terrorist org such as ISIS or Al Qaeda
...of violence, whether as a result of radicalization or some other nefarious motivation, continue to be among hardest to detect and prevent
The intelligence community and law enforcement have worked hard to detect and prevent a great many attacks, but individual acts...
#ChattanoogaShooting that left four service members murdered &amp; others wounded is terrible tragedy.  Thoughts are w/ victims &amp; their families
Federal funding is essential to keeping #PublicLands open for all to enjoy. We must renew the #LWCF. http://t.co/QKKiUn2p9T
ICYMI: I spoke with @WolfBlitzer tonight on @CNNSitRoom about the #IranDeal. Watch here: https://t.co/zxbq645eU6
Will be talking with @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom at 6 pm EDT/3 pm PDT about the #IranDeal announced today. Hope you can tune in!
Families turning to these treatment programs as last resort must know their kids are safe in the care of professionals. #StopTeenAbuse
Our bill will hold residential treatment programs accountable for abuse &amp; increase transparency so parents can make informed choices.
We can't ignore reports that young people died and thousands suffered abuse at these residential treatment programs. #StopTeenAbuse
Programs advertise they help “troubled teens,” but some use atrocious methods like gay conversion therapy. http://t.co/N1kzPCRSAw
Today, I introduced bipartisan legislation to reform residential treatment and #StopTeenAbuse nationwide. http://t.co/9KanFwrslb
Read my full statement here, and I would welcome your feedback and thoughts on the #IranDeal http://t.co/IwjdVnude5
These are the stakes and our decision should be made with sober thought and a minimum of partisan demagoguery. #IranDeal
Will rejection of the deal lead to additional sanctions and an Iran willing to concede more, or to renewed enrichment and a path to war?
If agreement is flawed it should be rejected; at same time, we must not compare proposal to an ideal, but rather to any credible alternative
As terms &amp; consequences of agreement become clear, I would urge my colleagues in Congress to give measure the serious thought it deserves.
...to project its destructive influence, we cannot be too careful, nor can we afford to take Tehran at its word.
Given Iran's long record of duplicity and the consequence of Iran's getting a bomb or having a greater economic power ...
I will also be examining any relaxation of UN sanctions on Iran's acquisition of weapons or missile technology.
... to back the Houthi rebels in Yemen, to its unrelenting hostility to Israel and its support of terror around the world.
...from its efforts to dominate Iraq and Lebanon, to prop up the Assad regime in Syria...
The nuclear program has always been greatest threat from Iran, but not only one. I also remain deeply concerned about actions in the region.
These are the so-called "snap back" provisions... should Tehran fail to meet its commitments.
I will also be looking at the sequencing of Iranian actions and any loosening of sanctions and the mechanism for re-imposing them...
It will also be necessary for the United States &amp; our partners to get an accurate accounting of Tehran's nuclear program from its inception.
...and whether we have timely access to any site of Iran's potential nuclear development activities, including venues controlled by military
Whether I can support the agreement will hinge on our ability to verify that Iran is complying...
with particular attention to the verification regime that is central to ensuring that Iran cannot cheat. #IranDeal
In the coming days I will be examining the terms of the agreement hammered out by Secretary Of State John Kerry and his team...
This raised costs of Iran's enrichment program &amp; helped dry up portion of funding Iran used to carry out its nefarious conduct in region.
To accomplish this, I supported a series of ever tightening American sanctions &amp; efforts to rally international community to isolate Iran.
I have expressed my preference for a diplomatic solution that would prevent Tehran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. #IranDeal
My full statement on the #IranDeal: http://t.co/cr5qYLZXls
"Whatever assumptions we hold about the security of our systems need to be questioned and questioned again." #OPMHack http://t.co/IDGPgpHdj6
"Every other agency should have its head examined if it’s not taking steps to protect its data." #OPMHack http://t.co/iCHjDW2S8H
Great news - House passed #21stCenturyCures. This means funding to support critical research and innovative developments in bio-medicine.
The intelligence community is already taking steps to address any new vulnerabilities posed by the compromise of this data. #OPMHack
It will also take years before the full security repercussions may be known.
...especially those which hold the most sensitive details about gov employees, many of whom are entrusted with critical natsec missions.
In the weeks and months ahead, it is clear that much more work will be needed to safeguard our networks...
But that we need to take responsibility for the protection of personal information that is so obvious a target.
This change in leadership is also an acknowledgement that we cannot simply place blame on the hackers
OPM not only poorly defended sensitive data of millions of Americans but struggled to respond to repeated intrusions.
Today’s move by Administration to change leadership at #OPM is right decision &amp; one that will help to restore confidence in agency #OPMHack
Thanks to SCOTUS &amp; @TheJusticeDept, federal marriage benefits will be available to all couples. #LoveIsLove #LoveWins http://t.co/4BtAMYqAe1
...OPM has not inspired confidence in its ability to safeguard our networks and most sensitive databases. #OPMHack http://t.co/rKrgYHlHQb
I do not believe OPM was fully candid in its original briefing to the Committee and omitted key information about two distinct hacks.
I have been deeply disturbed by the information Members of the Intelligence Committee received from OPM since the disclosure of these hacks.
Addressing this problem must begin by acknowledging that it is our responsibility to protect our people, most personal information &amp; privacy
Many of these employees are entrusted with critical national security missions.
Plainly, we need to do so much more to safeguard our networks, especially those which hold most sensitive details about Government employees
Rather than simply place blame on hackers, we need to acknowledge our own culpability in failing to adequately protect so obvious a target.
Today’s announcement by the Office of Personnel Management makes public the appalling severity of these cyber intrusions. #OPMHack
Astounded Republicans would propose amendment allowing display of #Confederate flag. This divisive symbol has no place at national parks.
.@ExImBankUS provides vital support for U.S. exports. Majority shut it down. Read how this is hurting CA small biz:http://t.co/6vE3377ILE
Getting ready for vast expenditures of "dark" or anonymous campaign spending in 2016. We must #RepealCitizensUnited: http://t.co/YMq01nt4wG
Exciting semi-final game last night between the US and Germany in the #WomensWorldCup. Good luck in the final team USA!
Today, we pray for victims of the shooting at the AME Church in Charleston and offer our heartfelt condolences to their families.
It is clear that #ISIS's ability to inspire and radicalize followers is a global threat and no nation is beyond its insidious reach.
The terrorist attacks today in France, Tunisia &amp; Kuwait highlight the security challenges we face from #ISIS and followers around the world.
HUGE NEWS: SCOTUS just ruled that state bans on #MarriageEquaility are unconstitutional. #LoveIsLove http://t.co/HN1HaUU8Vw
#SCOTUS once again upheld Affordable Care Act and ensured that American families retain access to affordable and quality health insurance.
Just introduced a constitutional amendment to overturn #CitizensUnited and restore confidence in our elections. http://t.co/ELWbO97ag8
I spoke with @FrancesRivera on MSNBC about the President Obama's executive order on U.S. #hostage policy: https://t.co/2DdySe3sgx
But it must also do everything it can to ease the burden on family members who are already suffering enough when a loved one is captured.
President Obama was right: the U.S. Government must do everything it can to prevent hostage-taking, and to free any hostages that are taken.
Congrats to Burbank's Bob Hope Airport, the only one in the country to get mostly positive tweets about TSA! @fly_BUR http://t.co/8BfTY9zJ5R
While it may have taken years to track and eliminate al Harzi, those who kill Americans must understand our steadfast commitment to justice.
DOD announcement that they killed Ali Awni al Harzi, an ISIL leader, is an important reminder to terrorists they will not be safe anywhere.
Once again I voted “NO” on the Trade Promotion Authority (#TPA), or fast track, legislation which was brought back to the floor today.
It will set a poor precedent that will survive long after President Obama has left office. #AUMF
Constitution vests power to declare war w Congress. To shirk from our duty will do immeasurable &amp; lasting harm to the separation of powers.
If we are willing to ask our military to risk their lives, Members of congress should show enough courage to debate and vote on the matter.
If this war against ISIS is worth fighting, and I think it is, it is worth voting for. That's why we need a full debate and vote on an #AUMF
ICYMI: I spoke with @brikeilarcnn on @CNNSitRoom tonight about the death of the #AQAP leader and Russian aggression. https://t.co/cWHIiuz6PD
Republicans continue to move goalposts in terms of what they're asking for from @StateDept in #Bengahzi investigation http://t.co/c3C04KWnQX
My full statement about House passage of the House Intelligence Committee's FY16 Intelligence Authorization Act: http://t.co/SWMX1Ec8nQ
Al-Wuhayshi played an important role in keeping Al Qaeda factions aligned with Zawahiri in face of rival pressures from an ascendant ISIL.
As members of Al Qaeda leadership have been captured or killed, Zawahiri has been increasingly reliant on a small cadre of loyal lieutenants
Death of Nasir al-Wuhayshi – leader of AQAP &amp; #2 to Ayman Al Zawahiri – is significant blow to core Al Qaeda &amp; its most dangerous franchise.
I just voted "NO" on both the #TPA fast track and #TAA bills before the House today. I wanted to explain my votes: https://t.co/y0AQJgNz2N
House Rejects Democrats' Efforts To Authorize War Against Islamic State http://t.co/q9doNs4lIZ via @jbendery
While this is another setback for a Congress long derelict in its duty, I will keep pushing for a debate and vote on a new #AUMF.
I fear it will shift war-making powers substantially and inexorably towards the Executive. #AUMF
Congressional abdication of our responsibility to declare war, or to deny authorization for war, sets a terrible precedent.
While our pilots and special forces risk it all, Congress refuses to do its job and pass an #AUMF to fight ISIS.
10 months into undeclared war against ISIS, Congress again dodged its responsibility to authorize the use of force. http://t.co/LZynenYeQh
I will offer an amendment to the DOD appropriations bill that requiring Congress to debate and vote on an ISIS #AUMF. http://t.co/WlswwxdJI2
"I'm Adam Schiff. I represent Hollywood, Burbank, and Glendale, and like every L.A. lawyer, I'm also a screenwriter." http://t.co/A2qetULcfD
.@LorriLJean thanks for having me! So proud niece rode #AIDSLifeCycle this year and congrats to all riders &amp; roadies! http://t.co/7lWVqd0aM6
ICYMI: I joined @FoxNewsSunday to discuss the #OPMbreach, the threat from lone wolf attacks &amp; threat to our airports https://t.co/Ll2I619H46
It's clear a substantial improvement in our cyber databases &amp; defenses is perilously overdue. House moved bill this year, hope Sen will too.
Cyber threat from hackers, criminals, terrorists &amp; state actors is one of the greatest challenges we face on a daily basis. #DataBreach
It's shocking because Americans may expect that federal computer networks are maintained with state of the art defenses. #DataBreach
The latest breach, which has exposed personal information of more than 4 million current &amp; former federal employees is among most shocking.
The last few months have seen a series of massive data breaches that have affected millions of Americans. #DataBreach
Always fun to visit!  https://t.co/TOMGdJE39d
My full statement on HPSCI passage of FY2016 Intelligence Authorization Act out of committee this morning: http://t.co/7Rvn3vTONb
Came across one of these at a novelty shop. Brought back memories. Ever have one of these originals? https://t.co/pfNJzqK5wk
My full statement on Senate passage of #USAFreedomAct: http://t.co/ynC1yGNT03 http://t.co/UXvkdQi3Bh
BREAKING: Senate passed #USAFreedomAct, vital step forward to reform our intelligence programs, &amp; ensure we maximize both security &amp; privacy
ICYMI: Spoke with @mitchellreports about need for Senate to not monkey around w/ #USAFreedomAct by adding amendments https://t.co/edP5Kwe5FF
Deeply saddened by the news of Beau Biden passing far too soon. My thoughts are with @VP Joe Biden and his family during this difficult time
Many congratulations to @bobschieffer for amazing twenty-four years at helm of @FaceTheNation. Honored to have shared the table with you!
Thirty five years of breaking news, trustworthy reports and eyes glued to TV screens.  Congrats @CNN! #CNN35
Senate Republicans let critical intelligence tools lapse despite real reforms in #USAFreedomAct. We must pass reforms &amp; Senate must act now.
Temp expiration of Sec 215 is a lose-lose, slowing momentum towards lasting reform &amp; throwing uncontroversial NatSec tools into confusion.
While positive Senate joined House in embracing #USAFreedom, unfortunate they didn't do so in time to avoid the interruption of NatSec tools
Tonight, politics overtook good sense in Senate. #NSAReform
Proud to join @BeyondThe710 today to push for new multimodal alternatives to the proposed 710 tunnel. #BeyondThe710 http://t.co/sKbJSvbJfB
Proud to sign letter to @DHSgov Sec. Johnson urging him to #EndFamilyDetention for refugees. View the letter here: http://t.co/ZqoIYynpub
Honored to join @BobSchieffer on his penultimate @FaceTheNation show to discuss ISIS, Iraq and NSA reform. https://t.co/MGGjuLTrgb
Huge news for equality this weekend. Kudos to Ireland for being the first nation to enact marriage equality by popular vote. #IrelandSaidYES
I'll be on CBS's @FaceTheNation Sunday discussing #NSAreform, as well as #ISIS and our strategy in Iraq &amp; Syria. http://t.co/DnJbcoNhHH
A must read @nytimes editorial, Congress must weigh in on #ISIS war: "Escalation of Unauthorized Wars" http://t.co/Hb099o5bnW @nytopinion
The reality is that we wait only for the courage to act, and that is not something that can be delivered by pouch from the White House #AUMF
Deeply disappointed to learn that @SpeakerBoehner has, once again, abdicated responsibility for marking up an #AUMF for the war against ISIS
Proud to cosponsor @RepTedLieu legislation to ban conversion therapy nationally. We can't allow abuse to hide under the guise of treatment.
Always great to talk with students as they visit the Capitol. Good group of future leaders in this group! http://t.co/jC0HiAFiKx
ICYMI: Was on @CNNsotu discussing Abu Sayyaf operation. I believe the materials seized could present a great value. https://t.co/vb111vU6kC
Will be on @CNNsotu tomorrow to discuss operation against Abu Sayyaf with @brikeilarcnn at 9 am EST/6 am PST and 12 pm EST/9 am PST.
ISIS, like Al Qaeda, has proven adept at replacing its commanders and we will need to keep up the pressure on its leadership and financing.
Sayyaf's loss &amp; other senior leadership is setback to ISIS, but we're under no illusion about long-term impacts of any particular operation.
Operations like this &amp; coalition strikes on ISIS oil infrastructure put increasing pressure on economics undergirding terrorist organization
Willingness to mount an effort to capture Abu Sayyaf underscores importance of cutting off ISIS resources &amp; Admin's determination to do so.
Thanks to brave US personnel who carried out operation against Abu Sayyaf. There are serious risks to our troops with any operation in Syria
Even now, some in the railroad industry &amp; in Congress have been trying to delay implementation of Positive Train Control across the country.
The tragic #Amtrak188 accident this week reminds us again of the terrible price we pay for delay of implementing Positive Train Control.
The overwhelming support for #USAFreedomAct shows Senate that straight re-authorization of Section 215 is nonstarter http://t.co/ixW3NU7huf
Passage of #USAFreedomAct with a strong bipartisan vote is important step forward in reforming surveillance programs http://t.co/ixW3NU7huf
Horrifying scenes in Philadelphia – brings back painful memories the Chatsworth crash . Thoughts are with those on board, and those lost.
Tragedy struck again today in #Nepal. My thoughts are with the victims, their families, and the brave search and rescue teams.
After reviewing, It is clear that TPA is little different from earlier variations of fast track and I'm opposed. http://t.co/ehi46RmNKg #TPA
ICYMI: I wrote an @sfchronicle op-ed about the need to end the bulk collection of telephone metadata. #NSAReform http://t.co/DGu94xuAl9
The House is poised to pass the #USAFreedomAct &amp; send clear message to Senate that major #NSAReform is happening. https://t.co/MQlkdZ5goJ
Mend or end the Patriot Act?http://t.co/qLKPFhPm98
Must read @doylemcmanus column: "Congress is shirking its duty to debate the war on ISIS, and it's bipartisan." http://t.co/7zk8eYCYcp
Spoke with NPR's @onthemedia about the need for transparency in our country's counterterrorism operations. http://t.co/J0BBaf2imk
Your mission now complete. Rest in pieces @MESSENGER2011.  You’ve made us all proud – well done. #Science!  https://t.co/Nc9bqEghs2
Hope SCOTUS will listen with open minds &amp; hearts &amp; make #MarriageEquality law of the land. #LoveCantWait #LoveMustWin http://t.co/idIMuQXTRB
100 years later, we will never forget those killed in the #ArmenianGenocide. #NeverForget1915 http://t.co/VRf3lJ0xP6
Every name is important, every victim was a mother, father, brother, sister, grandparent or friend #ArmenianGenocide https://t.co/S33Cu3sr6M
Delighted to see that Senate has finally confirmed Loretta Lynch. She will be an extraordinary Attorney General.
Good reminder from @ThePlumLineGS: Still no transparency around drones. My bipartisan legislation would fix that.  http://t.co/3kToIpHTNj
Yesterday, I read over 1,000 names of #ArmenianGenocide victims on the Floor. We will #NeverForget1915. Watch here: https://t.co/S33Cu3sr6M
My full statement on the deaths of hostages held by Al Qaeda, Warren Weinstein &amp; Giovanni Lo Porto: http://t.co/S20QZ10t67
Just finished reading names of victims of #ArmenianGenocide on Floor. May we never forget their names &amp; lives left behind. #NeverForget1915
Levon Hissarian Zarouhi Tchekrekhjian Nazaret Magarian Zarouhi Magarian Rahel Demirjian Raffael Der-Tovmasyan #NeverForget1915
Lucie Ayvazian Takouhi khardalian Sarkis Mavilian Nunia Mavilian Nazely Sarookeshian Fedan Shokeyian #NeverForget1915
Hagop Yaylayian Vosgan Topalian Antranig Hayrabed Maritza Onnigian Nerses Shabaglian Maritza Onnigian #NeverForget1915
Bedros Tekian Krikor Dulgarian Pilbos Der Avedisian Anahid Oundjian Vardui Gasparian Yeghiasar Yaylayian #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Sarookeshishian Markarid Ounanian Shalelengian Osgehan Shalelengian Sirma Shalalengian Avedis Shalelengian #NeverForget1915
Vartan Demoorjian Aharon Der Melkon Nazley Sarookeshian Fedan Shokeyian Krikor Shalelengian Manoog Shokeyian #NeverForget1915
Garabed Varjabedian Boghos Asharjian Boghos Asharjian Mena Ashajian Barkev Asharjian Dikran Asharjian #NeverForget1915
Khanem DerTavitian Levon Hissarian Myram Kazarian Siranoush Arakelian Kazar Arakelian Armenag Metchikian #NeverForget1915
Taguhi Doganyan Hayrapet Doganyan Hakop Karoyan Petros Keheyan Nazeli Keheyan Abraham Hairbedian #NeverForget1915
Jivan Dedian Armenag Baghdassarian Kevork Aslanian Nvard Ter-Stepanyan Tzaghig Baghamian Manush Pananian #NeverForget1915
Annig Ohnikian Mardig Kebabjian Avedis Mardiros Gertmenian Miriam Gertmenian Rejabian Toros Chaglassian #NeverForget1915
Mugerditch Ohnikian Aghavnee Ohnikian Haratyun Ohnikian Ludwig Ohnikian Hovsep Ohnikian #NeverForget1915
Peter Boyajian Garabed Baghamian Sarkis Elmassian Tzagheeg Baghamian Adam Baghamian Vahan Baghamian #NeverForget1915
Armenag Diradourian Garabed Kenoian Moushegh Boyajian Easaya Kenoian Elizabeth Boyajian Kenoian #NeverForget1915
Haroution Demirdjian  Khachadour Cholakian Mariam Agajanian Hagop Der Nikoghosian Der Ashot Avedian Dikran Khanjian #NeverForget1915
Margret Saroyan Hovsep Saroyan Akchan Mkhitarian Grigor Mkhitarian  Nahabit Epikian Yeghisabet Demirdjian #NeverForget1915
Mariam Roubinian Sylva Roubinian Armenag Hokhikian Martiros Mirakhorian Zaghik Mardirosian Andranik Tsarukyan #NeverForget1915
Noyemzar DerBedrossian Vartouhi DerBedrossian Aram Baghamian Vahan Baghamian Ara Aroian Tzaghig Baghamian #NeverForget1915
Dickran Akmakjian Maghak DerBedrossian Hovsep DerBedrossian Elise DerBedrossian Zarouhi DerBedrossian #NeverForget1915
Khanem DerBedrossian Mariam DerBedrossian Kevork DerBedrossian Kayane DerBedrossian Azniv DerBedrossian #NeverForget1915
Zartoohie Karapiloian Nshan DerBedrossian Yeghisapet DerBedrossian Aghajan DerBedrossian Krikor DerBedrossian #NeverForget1915
Nemzur Koubandjian Haroutioun Kourbanjian Yeghishe Bargamian Jirair Bargamian Agavni Norigian Kohar Jokhajian #NeverForget1915
Mariam Trdatyan Anania Nalbandian Sema Nalbandian Nishan Totigian Makrouhi Totigian Sahag Karajaian #NeverForget1915
Andon Ahmaranian Vartouhi Sarajian Mariam Sarajian Mardiros Kachian Petros Trdatyan Dikran Menayan #NeverForget1915
Mariam Moughamian Krikor Moughamian Hovhannes Keshishian Azniv Keshishian Avetisian Galust Avetisian Galust #NeverForget1915
Avedis Nahabedian Haig Nahabedian Haigouhi Sare-Kechichian Vahram DerManuelian Chukajian Nurijan Paylak Sarkisiants #NeverForget1915
Khachadoor Boyajian Ipek Momdjian Abraham Hayrikyan Sahak Abrahamyan Zaruhi Abrahamyan Loosaper Balian #NeverForget1915
Melkon Medzikian Elmasd Medzikian Hagop DerBedrossian Yester DerBedrossian Hambardzum Khulyan Karapet Khulyan #NeverForget1915
Mardiros Chitjian Vartouhi Chitjian Yeranouhi Chitjian Nishan Chitjian Ludwig Madenlian Vergeen Madenlian #NeverForget1915
Aharon Piloyan Hagop Piloyan Khachadour Piloyan Hagop Kepenekian Zaruhy Chitjian Khatunagian Marinos Chitjian #NeverForget1915
Harutune Dadourian Hunazant Alexanian Hovaness Azatyan Mariam Azatyan Hakop Laxoyan Mari Laxoyan #NeverForget1915
Haroutioun Kourbanjian Martiros Hovhannisyan Nemzur Koubandjian Grigor Mouradyan Sahag Karajaian Nemzur Karajaian #NeverForget1915
Garabed Tashjian Hampartsoum Kenderian Takouhy Kenderian Mariam boghossian Hripsime Kechichian Sarkis Keshishian #NeverForget1915
Tzaghig Baghamian Salpi Yengibaryan Mary Manuelian Sarkis Doudakian Asadour Najarian Terfanda Najarian #NeverForget1915
Kevork Mekjian Kirakos Lazarian Pambock Lazarian Garabed Baghamian Aram Baghamian Vahan Baghamian #NeverForget1915
Simon Garsevanian Sima Pamboukian Shukri Pamboukian Gevork Chilian Margarit Pamboukian Zarouhie Mekjian #NeverForget1915
Andranik Chekichyan Hakop Chekichyan Mariam Mardayan Khachadour Vartanian Zabelle Vartanian Karabet Garsevanian #NeverForget1915
Ohanes Ohanian Mihran Mozian Haygazouhi Mozian Juhar Ohanian Juhar Ohanian Hambarcum Chekichyan #NeverForget1915
Dikran Torian Dikran Dikranian Araxi Dikranian Lucine Torian Abraham Dikranian Vartuhi Dikranian #NeverForget1915
Siroun Jilizian Serop Jilizian Minas Jilizian Khatoun Jilizian Hampartsum Torian Hagop Torian #NeverForget1915
Nazareth Boujoulian Harutiun Ansurian Artashes Solakhian Igit Nurbekyants Miriam Sarkissian Margarita Kaphian #NeverForget1915
Hranoosh Nalbandian Berberian Asatur Soghomonian Martiros and Aghavni Kotikian Armenak Bahadorian Hovannes Ananian #NeverForget1915
Zaghig Seradarian Megerdich Seradarian Ohan Ohanian Sirpouhi Ohanian Sarkiss Mushetsi Baloian Sargsyan Smbat Sargisi #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Nigoghosian Alexan Keishian Sahag Momdjian Beatrice Momdjian Garabed Momdjian Armenag Momdjian Joe Kahraman #NeverForget1915
Aramig Kitabjian Siranush Kitabgian Garabed Kitabjian Setrak Kitabjian Mariam Ter-Mkrtchyan Movses Abajian #NeverForget1915
Hagop (Avedissian) Chakheyan Chakhe (Avedissian) Chakheyan Serop Dzeroon Kizirian Arpineh Kizirian Avedis Kabaklian #NeverForget1915
Nishan Atamian Nazaret DerTavitian Zarouhi Andonian Khachadour Paloulian Sahag (Hagopian) Chakheian #NeverForget1915
Onnig Jomlekian Aghavni Jomlekian Megerditch Ayvazian Markar Der Hovanesian Hamparsoum Garabed Shehranian #NeverForget1915
Boghos Avedian Nazenik Avedian Knarig Avedian Shoushanig Avedian Hagop Jomlekian Azniv Jomlekian #NeverForget1915
Hovanes Aprahamian Ashod Nishanian Manvel Manukian Khachig Khanzetian Haroutyoon Bronozian Mariam Zeibari #NeverForget1915
Krikor Orchanian Anna Khouljanian Harutyun Pogosyan Pogos Sahakyan-Mirzayan Eva Kevorkian Garabed Kevorkian #NeverForget1915
Haroutiun Gumushian Veronica Gumushian Haroutioun Andonian Garabed Soovajian Sisag Arpajian Misak Arpajian #NeverForget1915
Columbus Keshishian Arakel Boghossian Takvor Andonian Siragan Andonian Filor Atanesyan Parsegh Gumushian #NeverForget1915
Araksi Krikorian Sarkis Muradian Aris Krikorian Hakop Alemian Manouk Keshishian Agapi Dardakhanian #NeverForget1915
Zacharia Melkonian Shookry Grigoryan Vartouhi Chakmanian Krikor Krikorian Hovannes Krikorian Vartanush Krikorian #NeverForget1915
Mikael Topian Arshalouis Topian Mary Vezirian Hagop Havatian Taniel Muftikian Krikor Muftikian #NeverForget1915
Ardashes Topian Hovannes Topian Aristakes Topian  Madiam Topian Nazanee Topian  Mariam Topian  #NeverForget1915
Tamar Gulbankian Zakary Mooradian Agopian Antranig Andreas Kelekian Armenak Malkhasyan Vartouhi Topian #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Samsatlian Kevork Samsatlian Kevork Adiyamanian Sarkis Dadoyan Vartivar Kourouyan Mariam Kourouyan #NeverForget1915
Khatoon Proodian Mugurditch Gulazian Marderous Dadourian Dr. Onnig Mardirossian Artin Der-Azarian Vartuhi Der-Azarian #NeverForget1915
Mariam Keshishian Sarkis Ourfalian Nevart Ourfalian Salome Proodian Raffi Proodian Vartkes Proodian #NeverForget1915
Bedros Der Sarkisian Bedros Papazian Haroutioune Aydabirian Gabriel Handjian Hagop Kouyoumdjian Kevork Keshishian #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Melikyan Garabed Kulhanjian Margaret Baronian Hovaness Baronian Marta Bilazarian Sarkis Bilazarian #NeverForget1915
Tanzouf Artin Nidilian Azaduhi Artin Nidelian Apraham Koumruian Khatchik Khacherian Haiguhi Hagopian Eghiazar Melkonian #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Postallian Mary Postallian Turfanda Minasian Marian Minasian Minas minasian Zaruhi Artin Nidelian #NeverForget1915
Panos Cobanoglu Kohar Cobanoglu Panos Arslanoglu Margrit Arslanoglu Neshan Stepanian Marie Mesrobian Kalpakian #NeverForget1915
Marie Tertsakian Hovsep Vehuni Avedis giragosian Garabed Sohigian Hampardzum Khanamerian Mariam Tatoian #NeverForget1915
Ovsanna Jamgotsian Hovsep Chatoian Kaspar Jamgotsian Setrag Sahakian Kevork Roumian Nigoghos Tertsakian #NeverForget1915
Hovanes Derstepanian Balasan Elbakyan  Sahak Elbakyan Anush Elbakyan Tokhman Hagop Sirvart Tufenjioglu #NeverForget1915
Macrouhie Lepejian Azniv Lepejian Mirzo Melkon Kalostyan Hagop Alemian Hovhannes Alemian Manoug Kelerjian #NeverForget1915
Nishan Mahakian Hagop Donikian Garabed Daghlarian Armenag Bilezikjian Hovhaness Khrlakian Eugenie Daghlarian #NeverForget1915
Avedis Mikaelian Yeva Kevorkian Stepan Khachigian Garabeth Havoudjian Sima Havoudjian Sarkis Mahseredjian #NeverForget1915
Garabet Chobanian Serpouhi Adjemian Momjian Kalousd Daghlarian Serob Qosyan Hossep Melkisetian Khatchig Doudaklian #NeverForget1915
Anna Barzagyan Awanes Kramian Aslan Kadoyan Tatos Kadoyan Harry Dalalian Aram Chamkertian #NeverForget1915
Arusiag Tourajikian Papken Tourajikian Levon Tourajikian Hermig Tourajikian Ossanna Basmajian Barzakyan Mihran #NeverForget1915
Keoseyan Manouk Pahlevan Keoseyan Martiros Ter Atom Khachaduryan Onnig  Knel Tourajikian Sirarpy Tourajikian #NeverForget1915
Kegham Mardikian Megerdich Saroyan Harutyun Parlakyan Hagob Simonian Ashchyan Thaguhi Gohar Parlakyan #NeverForget1915
Levon Hakhoyan Mavo Hakhoyan Sedrak Avedissyan Zumrogh Mikaelian Dikran Mekhtarentz Afram Hadouband #NeverForget1915
Reverend Father Nerces Nercesian Yeretsgin Alpesa Der Nercesian Haroutun Haroutunian Luso Melkonyan Sanam Melkonyan #NeverForget1915
Donik Chilingirian  Yuhaper Chilingirian  Ovanes Chilingirian  Hazaros Bandoian Harutyun Minasyan Iskuhi Minasyan #NeverForget1915
Haroutoun Tcholakian Mariam Tcholakian Krikor Dakessian Dirouhi Dakessian Maritza Achihsian Araxi Barsamian #NeverForget1915
Zakar Gulyunyan Aghajan Tepoyan Ossana Kalajian Penyamin Vartivarian Marta Kehyaian Avedis Vosbikian #NeverForget1915
Arak Djxalyan Manor Djxalyan Hagop Gulyunyan Gulyustan Gulyunyan Gabriel Gulyunyan Avetis Gulyunyan #NeverForget1915
Haji Arabyan Lucine Arabyan Yervand Arabyan Mariam Arabyan Sargis Hambartsumyan Hambar Djxalyan #NeverForget1915
Harutyun Arabyan Abraham Arabyan Karapet Arabyan Shnavon Arabyan Setrak Arabyan Merkset Arabyan #NeverForget1915
Manuk Ashikyan Sarah Ashikyan Haykuhi Ashikyan Heripsime Ashikyan Gevorg Ashikyan Byuzant Ashikyan #NeverForget1915
Varduhi Hayzavakyan Grikor Xazaryan Trtat Podrumyan Abraham Ashikyan Mariam Ashikyan Sahak Ashikyan #NeverForget1915
Levon Gevorgian Garabed Tahmizian Magaros Dabanian Khoren Tossounian Charles Atamian Rose Atamian #NeverForget1915
Kaprial Chordikian Serop Srabian Movses Avedikian Mourad Abrahamian Siran Khachigian Souren Yavruian #NeverForget1915
Antranig Beshgeturian Yervant Gabashian Levon Racoubian Barour Kapigian Yervant Frengulian Musbeg Demirjian #NeverForget1915
Nishan Avedikian Toros Kurkjian Senecherin Kalionjian Tomas Khanzedian Mihran Chamian Mergerios Tashjian #NeverForget1915
Hampartsoom Belejian Roupen Racoubian Sarkis Gureghian Aram Demerjian Michael Frengulian Kevork Dashebeukian #NeverForget1915
Rebecca DerSimonian Hovnan Doursounian Shoushan Doursounian Simon DerSimonian Nargiz DerSimonian Avedis Kevorkian #NeverForget1915
Ephrem Karapetyan Hamparsum Borzakian Aghajan Tepoyan Haiganoush Kilerciyan Yeranig Alexanyan Artin DerSimonian #NeverForget1915
Hagopig Kussajukian Maria Kussajukian Makrouhi Kussajukian Anoush Sarmanian Anna Sarmanian Yurapet Karapetyan #NeverForget1915
Guiragos Kojakian Hagopjan Kojakian Levon Kojakian Harutiun Ansurian Artashes Solakian Hovhaness Kussajukian #NeverForget1915
Garabed Berberian Panos Berberian Migirdich Salian Haroutioun Apkarian Sara Apkarian Hripsime Apkarian Hagop Chavooshian #NeverForget1915
Vartivar Berberian Anna Berberian Iskouhi Kalfayan Jivan Kalfayan Parsekh Balian Valentine Balian #NeverForget1915
Boghos Zarougian Bishop Kevork Nalbandian Dickronouhi Nigoghosian Armenouhi Nigoghosian Barooyr Nigoghosian #NeverForget1915
Arshavir Der Avedisian Hrant Der Avedisian Arousiag Der Arakelian Basmajian Maritza Basmajian Vartouhi Basmajian #NeverForget1915
David Muradian Sara Muradian Loucine Zarougian Bedros Zarougian Tateos Der Avedisian Maritza Kurkjian Der Avedisian #NeverForget1915
Apik Elmasian Satenig Kapikian Vartouhe Kaimian Toumass Kaimian Lucine Manougian Ohanness Avedis Jalakian #NeverForget1915
Avedis Ainilian Hovannes Mugrdichian Hornig Mugrdichian Roupen Kapikian Haiganoush Kapikian Veronica Elmasian #NeverForget1915
Yosef Belekian Hagob Belekian Vartish Belekian George Vartarian Tigran Nargizian Zarouhi Zeitounzian Nargizian #NeverForget1915
Skandare Kalousdian Elizabeth Sirounian  Reverend Father Kevork Nalbandian Kevork Belekian Vartan Belekian Nerses Belekian #NeverForget1915
Martiros Markosyants Nikoghos Zarobyan Bedros Bedrosian Khachadour Buchaklian   Levon Maxoudian Hagop Yeramian #NeverForget1915
Avedis Boyamian Kevork Mkhitarian Lucine Mkhitarian Arousiag Shirinian  Garabed Shirinian  Yaghut Markosyants #NeverForget1915
Asniv Yaghdjian Sara Yaghdjian Mourad Sarkissian Zemroukht Sarkissian Sara Yaghdjian Artin Boyamian #NeverForget1915
Hagopig Hovsepian Elizabeth Yaghdjian Sarkis Yaghdjian Krikor Yaghdjian Hajno Jardarabed Haji Martros Mardiros Deovletian #NeverForget1915
Ghazar Jivalagian Elizabeth Arakelian Kaloost Meldonian Sarkis Meldonian Hovagheem Hovsepian Elbis Hovsepian #NeverForget1915
Hagop Madaghjian Khachig Kasabian Kohar Kasabian Garabed Kasabian Osanna Keuilian Movses Keuilian  #NeverForget1915
Byzar Jivelegian Lusintak Amirkhanian Simon Sheshetian Sarkis Mouradian Elize Mouradian  Garabed Kljian #NeverForget1915
Hrant Shenlooguian Dikran Shenlooguian Krikor Shenlooguian Der Stepanian Family Nishon Jivelegian Surpoohi Jivelegian #NeverForget1915
Aghavni Surenian Faris Surenian Mardiros Fermanian Kaspar Jeboghlian Hagop Jamgotchian Hovhaness Jamgotchian #NeverForget1915
Armenak Garabedian  Dikran Garabed Nevart Najarian Grikor Surenian Dareh Surenian  Garegin Surenian #NeverForget1915
Toros Mekhsian Rahel Mekhsian Apraham Mekhsian Hrant Mekhsian Mariam Kulekesayan Haig Arakelian  #NeverForget1915
Samson Ghazarian Peprone Ghazarian Nounig Hotoian Mariam Torisyan Nazig Torisyan Nersess Der Babian #NeverForget1915
Giragos Kotchakian Hambartzum Nersesian Nubar Nersesian Rehan Nersesian Abraham Ghazarian Mooshegh Ghazarian #NeverForget1915
Khoren Kinadjian Shahmihram Kinadjian Vahharam Kinadjian Kaspar Santourian Maretdhza Hamalian Victoria Kotchakian #NeverForget1915
Daniel Varten Kondakjian Markar Zoornajian Sarkis Krikorian Hagop Kinadjian Lucia Chaderchian Ashod Kinadjian #NeverForget1915
Zabel Hachadourian Khatchadour Hachadourian Zarouhi Paghtikian Levon Yapoujian  Mary Yapoujian Artin Budakian  #NeverForget1915
Mariam Jamgotchian Dikranouhi Jamgotchian Anna Jamgotchian Karekin Hekimian Zabel Hekimian Avedis Hachadourian #NeverForget1915
Gernelios Jamgotchian Vahan Jamgotchian Levon Jamgotchian Kegham Djemdjemian Mesrob Djemdjemian Chouhar Djemdjemian   #NeverForget1915
Elizabeth Daghlian Gabriel Khalaf Simon Issa Astghik Doola  Manel Jamgotchian Moushegh Jamgotchian #NeverForget1915
Higop Arkelian Ohines Arkelian Movses Kochgerian Mariam Kochgerian Mari Iskandarian Asadoor Daghlian #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Barsoumian Khachadur Higobian Hitoon Higobian Ohin Higobian Ani Arkelian Sarkis Arkelian #NeverForget1915
Bedros Der Sarkissian Haroutune Der Bedrossian Nahabed Kasabian Thadeus Derdiarian Agavne Pamboukian Hourig Barsoumian #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Sevian  Hagop Sevian Prapion Sagherian Hovhannes Sagherian Nazaret Chalian Garabed Kulhanjian #NeverForget1915
Mihran Khayan Archpriest Hoosik Kachouni Nishan Nishanian Toros Balian Bayzar Balian Garabed Mekjian #NeverForget1915
Nevart Arslanian Manual Arslanian Khosrof Arslanian Garabed Jihanian Hovsep Sarkissian Souren Azirian #NeverForget1915
Hairabed Hairabedian Hripsime Hairabedian Hripsime Semizian Hagop Semizian Yervant Semizian Hovaness Arslanian #NeverForget1915
Artin Benlian Voski Ghazarian Lucie Mahserejian Hagop Mahserejian Solomon Khachaturian Almakdisi Jubrail Chad #NeverForget1915
Vahan Manusadjian Souren Azirian Matyos Karachayirlian Mihran Khayan Levon Karachayirlian Abrahm Kasparian #NeverForget1915
Mariam Donikian Andon Donikian Sedrak Barighyan Mihran Chookaszian Aznif Gulazian Simpad Gulazian #NeverForget1915
Apraham Krikorian Touren Krikorian Bedo Seremjian Hachik Madilian Zakar Pstikyan Sirvart Dembekjian #NeverForget1915
Karnig Seferian Garabed Amirkhanian Ohan Khodzhabashian Mariam Amirkhanian Iskandar ohanissian Touren Krikorian #NeverForget1915
Harout Aydinian Khachig Kerbabian. Sarkis Dadoyan Siragan Abrahamian Bishop Ignatius Maloyan Nerses Zeytoonian #NeverForget1915
Gulsima Polatian Kevork Der Markarian Dilber Der Markarian Araksiya Nadjarian Ohanes kahkejian Bertha Tanielian #NeverForget1915
Haykaz Vartanyan levon Vartanyan Alice Malconian Yervand Margaryan Manoushag Chakalian Mgrdich Salian #NeverForget1915
Gadar Karanfilian Dikran Vartanyan Kerop vartanyan Manuel Tanielian Robert Vartanyan Barkev Vartanyan #NeverForget1915
Sarkis Hadjyan Ohan Hadjyan Khachadur Petrosyan Petros Petrosyan Sylva Portoian Hagop Karanfilian #NeverForget1915
Megerdich Saakian Yeranui Shurjyan Panos Shurjyan Hovhannes Hovhannisyan Garabet Hovhannisyan Hovsep Hadjyan #NeverForget1915
Khachadur Petrosyan Petros Petrosyan Hovhanes Petrosyan Hagop Chaghastpanian Garabet Petrosyan Shushat Petrosyan #NeverForget1915
Hambardzoum Avagyan Khachatour Avagyan Hovsep Sarkissian Khatchadour Jingirian Alex Petrosyan Sarkis Jingirian #NeverForget1915
Avak Giurlakian Harout Avagyan Lilit Abrahamyan Avag Avagyan Bagdasar Jurukian Vahan Eloyan #NeverForget1915
Khatun Kalousdian Mardiros Gevoglanian Adrineh Ghazelian Abraham Bilalian Nazareth Torosyan Agavne Jurukian #NeverForget1915
Boghos Boghosian Hampartsum Boyajian Janet Tufenkjioglu Daniel Mkitharian Takouhi Tufenkjioglu Dikran Kalousdian #NeverForget1915
Hovhannes Ghazarian Mgrdich Yeretsian Yeremia Manoukian Tovmas Tovmasian Karekin Boghosian Minas Keshishian #NeverForget1915
Smpat Kelejian Roupen Garabedian Armenag Hampartsoumian Apraham Mouradian Hrand Yegavian Karnig Boyajian #NeverForget1915
Bedros Torosian Aram Achekbashian Kegham Vanigian Mourad Zakarian Yervant Topuzian Hagop Basmajian #NeverForget1915
Khachik Danelian Gadarineh Danelian Makrouhi Chavdarian Garabed Jihanian Hovsep Sarkissian Matteos Sarkissian #NeverForget1915
Hakop Semerdjian Hagop Yeniguveiyian Hagop Yeniguveiyian Garabed Kulhanjian Vahan Jihanian Assadour Shekherdmian #NeverForget1915
Hovhannes Kouyoumjian Isgouhi Kademian Khachig  Kademian Arakel Gayserian Karapet Orudzhyan Vahan Avetikyan #NeverForget1915
Elias Hovsepian Grace Totigian-Klanian Simon Klanian Azniv Totigian Mariam Minasian Tamam Kouyoumjian #NeverForget1915
Hovnan Hounanian Siranush Tatulyan Shooshan Hounanian Lusadzin Boghikian Karapet Orudzhyan Zorig Hounanian #NeverForget1915
Hagop Artinian Makrouhie Tenkerian Mihran Tenkerian Sarkis Tenkerian Tagouhi Hounanian Gevork Vasilyan #NeverForget1915
George Tutunjian Harutsun Minasian Samuel Kadiyan Dikran Karakashian Manoug Tenkerian Mary Tenkerian #NeverForget1915
Every victim has a name &amp; story. I'm going to read just some of the names this hour. #NeverForget1915
Walking onto the House Floor to read names of victims of the #ArmenianGenocide for one hour. #NeverForget1915
This #EarthDay let's all take the pledge to #ActOnClimate. We owe it to future generations to protect our planet. http://t.co/lB9N8O19YN
ICYMI: This morning, @TomColeOK04 and I discussed on CNN's @NewDay the need for a new ISIS-specific #AUMF. https://t.co/CqHMNT8fsH
My full statement on President Obama's decision to not use word "genocide" to describe #ArmenianGenocide is here: http://t.co/j2k8oTjnxB
.@Pontifex spoke powerfully of need to bind wound that continues to bleed in absence of recognition – I wish Washington had been listening.
This cannot be squared with a policy of complicity in genocide denial by the President or Congress.
US has long prided itself on being beacon for human rights, speaking out against atrocity, confronting painful chapters of its past &amp; others
If not this President, who spoke so eloquently and passionately about recognition in the past, whom?  If not after one hundred years, when?
How long must victims &amp; their families wait before US has courage to confront Turkey with truth about murderous past of the Ottoman Empire?
Deeply disappointed that the President will fail to properly describe the extermination of 1.5 million Armenians for what it was – genocide.
Circulating letter to our congressional colleagues with @TomColeOK04 urging vote on a new ISIS-specific #AUMF. http://t.co/tWKYGOpFAo
To honor the victims of the #ArmenianGenocide, I will read names for one hour on the House Floor. Submit names here: http://t.co/heTfMprnEp
It’s time to recognize the #ArmenianGenocide for what it was – a genocide.  No more excuses.  #NotJustUs http://t.co/m6grNmRBVM
On #HolocaustRemembranceDay we remember the millions of Jews and others murdered by a supposedly civil society. And we vow, never again.
68 years ago, Jackie Robinson, who lived in Pasadena, debuted in Majors breaking the color barrier. #Jackie42 http://t.co/lZ3luYIWc6
To honor the victims of the #ArmenianGenocide, I will read names for one hour on the House Floor. Submit names here: http://t.co/heTfMprnEp
.@MountainLionP22 safe travels through California’s 28th District getting back home, P-22! http://t.co/Bwp8eY1Lme cc @TheGlendaleBear
All women &amp; families deserve equal pay for equal work. It's that simple. #EqualPayNow http://t.co/7ivh8GKCZS
Attorney General is vital NatSec position in government – not political football. Senate must confirm Loretta Lynch. http://t.co/1n4Xuri6CJ
.@Pontifex Thank you for acknowledging #ArmenianGenocide as first genocide of 20th Century. May your words inspire truth in others.
.@DCComics welcome to Burbank!
.@CountyofLA residents can now lodge complaints re: excessive helicopter noise by calling (424) 348-4354 or on web at http://t.co/0uesUMjpng
All too much truth in this about our relationship with Egypt &amp; crackdown on even moderate &amp; secular opposition there. http://t.co/wh37sboik7
Was on @ThisWeekABC this morning to discuss the threat from #AQAP, the chaos in Yemen and ISIS. Watch here: http://t.co/Pg2bb3qlPk
If you are celebrating Passover, may you and your family be blessed with happiness, peace &amp; good health on Pesach! Shalom &amp; Happy Passover!
Will be on @ThisWeekABC on Sunday to discuss Yemen, ISIS and Iran with @MarthaRaddatz. Hope you can tune in.
On 100th anniversary of #ArmenianGenocide I will read victim's names for full hour on House Floor. Submit names here: http://t.co/heTfMprnEp
My full statement on the #IranTalks agreement: http://t.co/yPp5zv4cUt
Reported release of inmates in prison break break orchestrated by Al Qaeda demonstrates how AQAP will capitalize on prevailing #Yemen chaos.
Many congrats to Larry Mantle and @Airtalk for hitting 30 years on @KPCC! A real milestone and legacy of excellence!
Wrote an Op-Ed for @Asbarez on the importance of recognizing the Armenian Genocide 100 years later. Read it here: http://t.co/KS8MfzQDmR
Joined @bobschieffer on CBS's @FaceTheNation this morning to discuss crisis in Yemen, threat from AQAP &amp; #IranDeal. https://t.co/n6sDFrDn4G
Must read from the @LATimes: More than 30 Congress members urge $16 million for earthquake early warning system http://t.co/kXgHiOLOEV
I'll be appearing on CBS's @FaceTheNation with @bobschieffer on Sunday to discuss #Yemen, #ISIS and Iran. Hope you can tune in!
Tomorrow is the #LAJobFair! The 20th Annual LA Community Job Fair is from 10am-1pm at @Dodgers Stadium. http://t.co/iU3v9JMkII
Houthi rebels are dangerously close to sparking all-out civil war.  In chaos that now characterizes #Yemen, only AQ &amp; ISIL stand to benefit.
ICYMI: @DevinNunes and I discussed our bipartisan #cybersecurity legislation with @wolfblitzer today. Watch here: https://t.co/CvvCOrIFDE
With our diminishing footprint in #Yemn, it also gives us less eyes on our adversaries. That's very much a concern. https://t.co/bEzQHZPa5x
Will be talking with @ErinBurnett on @OutFrontCNN around 7 pm EST/4 pm PST about threats from #ISIS against U.S. service members and #Yemen.
Evacuation of US special forces from Yemen will have real impact on counterterror operations against Al Qaeda &amp; ISIS https://t.co/dV9coMhJBx
Will be on @cspan "Newsmakers" tomorrow to discuss #cybersecurity, ISIS, and #NSA reform. You can watch here: http://t.co/Q0ggFf4s7z
Join me and @WalkBikeGdale Sunday on our ride from Burbank to the @CicLAvia start. I'm ready to hop back on a bike!  http://t.co/7DLLE1frLf
I’m often asked about whether we should label GMOs, or genetically modified food. Simple answer – absolutely, yes. http://t.co/kEXaI0b7RG
Just voted NO on bill to undermine #NLRB collective bargaining and elections. Ability to bargain has been vital for middle class families.
My NCAA #MarchMadness bracket (yes, UCLA &amp; Harvard going farther than they should, &amp; truly outraged Stanford not in!) http://t.co/auty9qbUwO
Just introduced the Armenian Genocide Truth &amp; Justice Resolution to officially recognize #ArmenianGenocide. http://t.co/9etMopGo27
ICYMI: I talked with @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom tonight about #ISIL, Russia and the negotiations with Iran: https://t.co/wWUGFMvEio
Wishing everyone a safe St. Patrick's Day and a little Irish luck!  May the road rise up to meet you...may the wind be always at your back.
ICYMI: My letter to the editor in the @latimes today: "How to make progress on the rape kit backlog" http://t.co/XNxerLYUB0
Proud to receive 100% from @defenders on my report card for pro-wildlife conservation votes during the 113th Congress http://t.co/3Ny6pELbld
Loretta Lynch is an extremely qualified nominee for Attorney General who will do a superb job. End the holdup -- confirm her without delay.
Benghazi Committee has long since departed from being about Benghazi, now special investigation into @HillaryClinton. http://t.co/xxmvrnSivG
ICYMI: On @FoxNewsSunday: "It's appalling to interfere in negotiation Commander in Chief has engaged in" #IranLetter  http://t.co/xxmvrnSivG
Here’s to being irrational! Happy #PiDay! 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164... http://t.co/Dg3LGivg6d
The time to address climate change is now. We cannot fight global warming by banning its name. #DontCensorScience
Happy birthday @girlscouts! Congratulations on 103 yrs of inspiring leadership and empowering girls across America! http://t.co/HerBsMhtke
GOP tries to create false equivalence by equating #IranLetter to @NancyPelosi’s bipartisan trip to Syria. Fact check: http://t.co/vYPnzFKFGA
Commend @HillaryClinton for addressing concerns raised over use of personal emails and urge @StateDept to quickly review &amp; make them public.
I'll be on @GDLA on Fox 11 around 7:30 am today, talking about #ISIS and the #ClintonEmails. Hope you can tune in!
I'm beyond appalled by the Senate GOP's #IranLetter. We are so far beyond politics ending at the water's edge. http://t.co/h19tw7Ymc6
ICYMI: Joined @CNNsotu to discuss #Clintonemails. The only reason to issue subpoenas was to politically grandstand. http://t.co/Q5QQl4nsNj
Joined over 200 colleagues in urging the #SupremeCourt to guarantee marriage rights for all. #LoveCantWait #LGBT http://t.co/AQDFQyPCZ2
Will be appearing on @CNNsotu on Sunday at 9 am EST/6 am PST and 12 pm EST/9 am PST with @smerconish to talk about the #ClintonEmails.
Today, Congress voted to approve long-term funding of @DHSgov. Hope this signals an end to government by shutdown and other man-made crises.
Remember to vote today in the @CountyofLA elections! Find your polling place here https://t.co/2JiFcHdGbR #voteLA
My statement on Prime Minister #Netanyahu's speech to Congress today. Read: http://t.co/VGnXh6YrFl
Will be talking with @WolfBlitzer on CNN at 1 pm EST/10 am PST about my reaction to the #NetanyahuSpeech
Interested in hearing your thoughts on Prime Minister #Netanyahu’s speech to joint session of Congress.
Murder of political opponents in #Russia goes with impunity, that has to be the responsibility of Putin government. http://t.co/hSF6QtsMcl
The Netanyahu speech threatens to erode the strong bipartisan support for Israel, turn it into GOP support for Likud. http://t.co/hSF6QtbbkN
Brutal murder of Boris Nemtsov another dark step towards authoritarianism in Putin's #Russia. Government inquiry is clearly not impartial.
We can't govern in 3 week increments from shutdown to shutdown. It's no way to run the govt. #DontShutDownOurSecurity http://t.co/BzdNJyih9L
The NYT ad targets @AmbassadorRice, a dedicated supporter of Israel, public servant and voice against genocide. Shame on them.
Despicable NYT ad paints those who think invitation to Netanyahu during elections was ill-considered as genocide-loving enemies of Israel.
Talking with @ErinBurnett on @OutFrontCNN at 7 pm EST/4 pm PST about the latest #DHSshutdown news coming from Capitol Hill. #OutFront
It should be said that Leonard Nimoy lived long &amp; prospered. Great actor, philanthropist &amp; Angelino. Farewell friend. http://t.co/adLEp3UNJ2
Thank you @LCVoters for my 97% on the National Environmental Scorecard! http://t.co/DJo2lJVUhz
Unless Congress wants to legislate itself into irrelevance, we shouldn’t provide an open-ended war authority #AUMF http://t.co/J15yvSRgyr
Thanks to @FCC for a strong #NetNeutrality rule to keep the Internet open, accessible and without fast and slow lanes.
Will be joining @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom around 5 pm EST/2 pm PST to talk about the latest on #ISIL.
An out of this world selfie from @MarsCuriosity! http://t.co/X9fwZ0Pn66 http://t.co/OrXnzfv9s9
GOP willing to bring everything to a halt if they can't get their way. That’s no way to run a government #DHSshutdown http://t.co/83YkhJLAn7
Must read by @tomfriedman on a distressing trend: Erdogan's Turkey just one example of global democratic recession http://t.co/NciaLKKJ3a
President was right to VETO #KeystoneXL bill. Would have bypassed regulatory process, been exempt from enviro protections &amp; created few jobs
On with @AlexWitt on MSNBC at  9:10 am PST/12:10 pm EST about #ISIL, Afghanistan &amp; recent terror threats. Bonus points: she's live from LA!
Lexi and I enjoyed the 116th Annual Golden Dragon Parade in Chinatown #DTLA. 恭喜发财! #ChineseNewYear http://t.co/i96IaXkaAh
恭喜发财! Chúc Mừng Năm Mới! 새해 복 많이 받으세요! A very happy and prosperous new year to all who are celebrating today!
Any authorization passed by Congress to combat #ISIL shouldn't be a "blank check" and be narrowly tailored. http://t.co/HxGBwE0kPi
I’m loath to write another blank check justifying the use of American troops just about anywhere. #AUMF http://t.co/t4XVdpCfPS
Only 2 weeks until @DHSgov shutdown, we must put partisanship aside &amp; pass a clean bill ensuring Americans' safety. #DontShutDownOurSecurity
Vaccines are safe, effective &amp; critical to saving lives. Intro'd bipartisan #VaccinesSaveLives resolution w 90 reps http://t.co/jBBd44D8Ty
No more discrimination, no more bullying. We stand #unidos4love. @Familiaefamilia http://t.co/7G2vDKdXKJ
Speaking with @timkaine about the President's proposed #ISIL war authorization language. http://t.co/VppITVbX77
My statement on President's proposed authorization against #ISIL. Congress has run out of excuses for further delay. http://t.co/vaTj5gLXEn
Believe the Administration proposal contains important limiting provisions – including 3 year sunset &amp; immediate repeal of 2002 Iraq #AUMF.
With receipt of specific language from President, Congress has run out of excuses for any further delay of a debate &amp; vote on a new #AUMF.
Administration’s engagement with Congress on new #ISIL authorization has been enormously beneficial &amp; should jumpstart Congressional action
Kayla Mueller truly represents the best of American courage, compassion &amp; selflessness. We will hunt down those responsible for her death.
The world is indeed coming to an end, @TheDailyShow is losing Jon Stewart. Made news accessible to young constituents &amp; old Members alike!
On @NBCLA News Conference with @conanNBCLA Sunday at 7:45 am talking about #ISIL &amp; the importance of an Earthquake Early Warning System.
I'm deeply skeptical of latest #ISIL claims &amp; don't believe it for a moment. http://t.co/Ip6RDOO1oP
ICYMI: I spoke last night with @maddow on MSNBC about the need for Congress to debate &amp; vote on new ISIL #AUMF. http://t.co/WaLVlbF1RG
Speaking with @maddow on MSNBC at 9:30 pm EST/6:30 pm PST about need for Congress to debate &amp; vote on war authorization against ISIL. #AUMF
.@SenFeinstein and I are proud to announce President's budget includes funding for #Earthquake Early Warning System. http://t.co/tvQ5kkkzTH
Appreciate support from @latimesopinon editorial board on need for new #ISIL authorization &amp; endorsing my legislation http://t.co/bMy7khUN3X
Today’s MUST READ from the @nytopinion editorial board on need for a new #ISIL authorization &amp; endorsing my proposal: http://t.co/K6BU2hsLxB
Introduced narrow &amp; limited authorization to fight #ISIL. It's time for Congress to debate and take a vote. http://t.co/vrueEoL9eP
Apparent murder of Kenji Goto is latest of the innumerable outrages perpetrated by #ISIL whose cowardice &amp; inhumanity seem to know no bounds
I'll be talking with @WolfBlitzer on CNN around 1:10 pm EST/10:10 am PST about the latest on #ISIL.
Had chance to discuss threat from terror &amp; appropriate nature of an #AUMF tonight with President. #HouseDemsInPhilly http://t.co/eu698IkkJR
Today on the 6th anniversary of #LillyLedbetter Fair Pay Act, we recommit to fighting for #EqualPay for equal work. http://t.co/tTX66Vc5Ku
ICYMI: I spoke with @AlisynCamerota on CNN's @NewDay about my draft #AUMF against ISIS &amp; the latest #Benghazi hearing http://t.co/GTg0Eo6BxD
Talking with @AlisynCamerota on CNN @NewDay at 8:15 am EST/5:15 am PST about #ISIS, and the need for debate &amp; vote on a war authorization.
ICYMI: I joined @smerconish on @CNNsotu this morning to discuss our relationship with Israel &amp; Saudi Arabia, &amp; Yemen http://t.co/e7iG5ZFXBF
.@RepAdamSchiff on @CNNSotu re Boehner inviting Netanyahu: "It used to be that politics ended at the water's edge. Now it only begins there"
Terrible loss for Japan, which is committed to peace &amp; development in  Mideast. We'll defeat this scourge &amp; bring murderers to justice #ISIL
Appears #ISIL has continued its campaign of unbridled barbarity with murder of Japanese citizen, Haruna Yukawa.
Will be talking with @smerconish Sunday on CNN State of the Union (@CNNsotu) at 6 am PST/9 am EST and 9 am PST/12 pm EST. Tune in!
Proud to receive a 100% score from the @HumaneSociety! See the 113th Congress Scorecard here http://t.co/iWPpd5hA4j http://t.co/o3MC18cQgU
Shouldn't take amendment to #KeystoneXL to get Senate on record that global warming is not hoax. Regrettably, climate change is all too real
5 years after #CitizensUnited released a deluge of secret and unlimited campaign contributions we must #GetMoneyOut #CU5
Glad President addressed need for ISIS #AUMF, but this is a debate &amp; vote that should have begun 5 months ago. #SOTU http://t.co/dQy333HshB
President shouldn't wait for Congress, he should take steps with executive authority to reform surveillance programs. http://t.co/dQy333HshB
President laid out his vision for improved economy &amp; help for middle class. My statement on President's SOTU tonight: http://t.co/dQy333HshB
Understand President Obama will call for new #AUMF to combat ISIS. Congress has abdicated long enough -- we must debate &amp; have a vote.
ICYMI: I spoke with @JDBmsnbc this morning previewing the #SOTU, and the devolving situations in #Yemen and Syria: http://t.co/KNIhBVWIn2
Let's hope that the Supreme Court will seize the opportunity to affirm all Americans have the right to marry the one they love. #LoveIsLove
.@RepAndreCarson will be a hard-working &amp; talented new Member of @HouseIntelComm. Attacks on his Muslim faith are un-American &amp; contemptible
.@MorningMika put it perfectly, I'm dealing with daughter trifecta: driver's license, boyfriend and college hunting! http://t.co/0NwtZniEqa
100 days before 100th #Armenian Genocide Commemoration, I joined celebration of work done by Near East Relief Agency. http://t.co/pouUlhZIJd
And a welcome back to @HouseIntelComm returning Members @RepGutierrez, @jahimes &amp; @RepTerriSewell!
Welcome to @HouseIntelComm @RepSwalwell, @RepAndreCarson, @RepSpeier, @RepMikeQuigley, &amp; @RepMurphyFL. Looking forward to working with you!
Great news for Los Angeles &amp; CA film industry, as film production jumped 9.6% in 2014. Here’s to another banner year! http://t.co/FBxPWN7yO3
While the attacks in France have captured the world's attention, #BokoHaram continues its killing spree. http://t.co/GU5H3Thj0H
President's #Cybersecurity bill is significant step to protect infrastructure, economy &amp; American's online security: http://t.co/HtAiagT28Z
Always going to be arguments that world events don't allow us to act. I don't think that holds water with #NSAReform. http://t.co/QrqhptrqEu
The President's #FreeCommunityCollege plan will help motivated students graduate without crushing debt and with the skills for a good job.
.@RepMikeRogers thanks, Mike.
.@Call_Me_Dutch Thanks so much, Dutch. You've done a tremendous job on @HouseIntelComm, and been a real leader on cyber.
I voted NO on the #KeystoneXL pipeline bill. Little impact on jobs, negative impact on climate. If Senate passes, President should veto!
I'm honored to have been named as Ranking Member of the House Intelligence Committee. http://t.co/iim0nSuqZH
Thank you @SenatorBoxer for your years of service, leadership and friendship. #ThankYouSenator
There’s a pattern of proliferation of one-off attacks around world. It’s becoming an endless parade of brutality. http://t.co/lp2hfMBJen
Just spoke with @JakeTapper on CNN this afternoon about the #CharlieHebdo attack today in Paris. Watch here: http://t.co/g5MTjAg227
Will be joining @JakeTapper on @TheLeadCNN to talk about the attack on #CharlieHebdo at 4 pm ET/1 pm PT.
Je suis Charlie. Today, we stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of France. #CharlieHebdo http://t.co/MZlh53jxeE
Attack an assault on pillar of free society–free speech. We all have duty to defend journalists/creators to speak without fear #CharlieHebdo
Today's attack on #CharlieHebdo was act of barbarism. Join with French people in mourning their dead &amp; hope for quick capture of terrorists.
Step 1: Close tax loopholes that ship jobs &amp; profits overseas. Step 2: Invest that $ to repair our roads &amp; bridges. http://t.co/6LCXVTYckj
Grateful to be sworn in today &amp; given opportunity to continue serving people of CA’s 28th Congressional District. http://t.co/UM5MgpbsVH
A very Happy New Year’s to you and your family – wherever you are, and whoever you’re with!
Just rented #TheInterview. Not best comedy ever, but was grateful for the chance to watch it &amp; reject NK's destructive effort at censorship.
We must not allow the world's most oppressive dictatorship -- North Korea -- have a veto over what American audiences can see #TheInterview
Giving #TheInterview the broadest viewership possible will be the best response to threats &amp; cyber attacks from the regime of Kim Jong-un.
Hope #TheInterview will achieve wide viewership through video on demand &amp; other online release, and in many languages including Korean.
Very glad that #Sony secured agreement with certain theaters to exhibit #TheInterview, and urge that other chains quickly follow suit.
Thanks @scifri for having me on to discuss unjustified attacks on science in Congress &amp; #PlanetaryScience funding http://t.co/BGwOnqlVTw
ICYMI: I spoke with @WolfBlitzer tonight about the #SonyHack &amp; North Korea. http://t.co/PRvJK3Nb3C
I'd love to see wide distribution of #TheInterview, in both Korean and English. http://t.co/gsKh3fVDlU
Will be joining @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom tonight at 5 pm ET/2 pm PT to talk about #NorthKorea and the #SonyHack
North Korea's outrageous act of cyberterrorism against #Sony demands forceful response. My statement on the hacking. http://t.co/4lglPtN7E3
.@librarycongress was out of its element...until now. Big Lebowski has always been culturally significant. Now it's official! #TheDudeAbides
Sorry to see @RajShah leave USAID – he was an excellent administrator and innovative reformer for the agency.
To everyone lighting the first candle on the menorah and cooking the first batch of latkes tonight, Happy #Hanukkah from my family to yours!
$5 million for #earthquake early warning system will save lives, money and infrastructure when the "big one" strikes. http://t.co/TblQN5S25B
Dick Cheney – wrong in 2002, still wrong 12 years later. Torture is immoral and never justified. #ReadTheReport http://t.co/QoXCOlVjo0
Congressional funding for #earthquake early-warning system caps nearly a decade of planning, setbacks &amp; breakthroughs http://t.co/smCsXfArbi
Proud to announce $5 million in Congressional funding for West Coast #Earthquake Early Warning system at Caltech. http://t.co/byN5BtWctd
Remembering the 20 children &amp; 6 teachers killed at #SandyHook two years ago. When will we decide #NotOneMore senseless gun death? #Newtown
.@SenWarren's amendment strips offensive Wall Street &amp; campaign finance provisions from #CROmnibus. Let's #TakeAVote. http://t.co/URcJzPS80f
Torture is contrary to our values &amp; the Senate Intelligence Comm. #TortureReport absolutely should have been released http://t.co/nSED5XE5qI
We leave session of Congress without debating/voting on war authorization against #ISIS. A terrible abdication of our constitutional duty.
Just voted NO on the #CROmnibus – bill contains special interest giveaways, weakens Dodd-Frank regs &amp; empowers wealthy donors. #unacceptable
Make sure you #GetCovered! You have 4 more days to sign up for coverage that begins Jan 1. http://t.co/ldqR5XSRLJ http://t.co/7if3Whg2qn
Will be talking with @wolfblitzer on CNN shortly about the #TortureReport around 1:30 pm ET/10:30 am PT
Good news: House &amp; Senate have agreed on significant funding increase for #NASA planetary science, Mars 2020 &amp; Europa http://t.co/aPOV4Zk2G7
Will vote no on #CRomnibus as drafted. Special interest giveaways, weakening wall street regs &amp; empowering rich donors a no go with me.
America does not torture – that is not who we are, nor who we want to be. But America did torture, and it is vital that we never do so again
My statement on release of the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on #CIA's interrogation and detention program: http://t.co/cE7CRqgwYW
I believe the interrogation report has to be released as a part of our coming clean about what was done in our name. http://t.co/vrgmzgYRLU
Talking with @FWhitfield on CNN about loss of #LukeSomers during a U.S. raid &amp; transfer of Guantanamo detainees at 2:15 pm ET/11:15 am PT.
Support President's decision to make a rescue attempt. We must never leave one of our own citizens in terrorist hands #LukeSomers
Murder of U.S. photojournalist Luke Somers is a grisly reminder that #AQAP remains a potent threat to our homeland and the American people.
U.S. economy added 321,000 jobs in November – but employment &amp; underemployment still too high. A good sign, but more work to be done.
I just voted NO on the #NDAA today. We should vote on the #ISIS war before we vote to fund it. Let's do our #ConstitutionalDuty
Sen Foreign Relations Comm will have debate &amp; vote on new #AUMF against ISIS. House should do same; no more ducking our constitutional duty.
News that Matthew and Grace Huang on their way home to Pasadena from Qatar is both welcome and very long overdue. http://t.co/BH3lrzW3OO
.@SenRandPaul's introduction of war resolution against ISIS is welcome addition to growing bipartisan ranks calling for debate &amp; vote. #AUMF
Regrettably, it looks more and more likely that Congress will skip town before voting on a new authorization for war against #ISIS. #AUMF
ICYMI: I spoke this morning with @jdbalart on MSNBC about the capture of ISIS leader's wife and its implications. http://t.co/DhL2SS7RQq
On #WorldAIDSDay we remember those lost, stand with those affected, and reaffirm our goal of an AIDS free generation http://t.co/HUcknJwgyg
Applaud Prez's announcement for funding for police-worn body cams. We know they work &amp; it’s time to make them reality http://t.co/emGdzYPL0n
At the Hollywood Christmas Parade with Nancy Cartwright, the amazingly talented voice of Bart Simpson. #SantaSelfie http://t.co/KzCN5hrR7w
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!  My favorite part (besides the family, I mean) -- the stuffing!  How about you?
Each year, #BlackFriday  creeps earlier into #Thanksgiving for retail. Employees should get overtime or holiday pay. http://t.co/bcAdNmhMLa
After #FergusonDecision, we should look at equipping law enforcement officers with body cameras #PositiveChange  http://t.co/uMWSUfXOzg
My statement on extension of #Iran nuclear negotiations.  http://t.co/sJIhorO2zL
ICYMI: I joined @CNNsotu this morning to discuss the recently released House Intelligence Committee #Benghazi report. http://t.co/XzFtHvHZzz
Will be talking with @GloriaBorger on @CNNsotu tomorrow about Intelligence Committee #Benghazi report at 9 am ET/6 am PT &amp; 12 pm ET/9 am PT.
The bipartisan &amp; comprehensive House Intelligence Committee #Benghazi investigation debunks many conspiracy theories. http://t.co/UaTdHCX0dc
Through President's action, these families &amp; many more will no longer live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. #ImmigrationAction
I applaud the President's bold decision on #ImmigrationAction tonight.  My full statement: http://t.co/H0Wm0GCb4V
Breaking: President Obama has taken bold #ImmigrationAction to protect undocumented immigrants from deportation and keep families together.
MUST READ @latimes editorial: "Congress must debate the wisdom, or folly, of using force against the Islamic State" http://t.co/PZIObke85T
A prankster defaced my desk. I’m not worried though. Stanford winning #BigGame will be payback enough! #StanfordvsCal http://t.co/SJCbJzbIXx
ICYMI: NBC 4 covered the unveiling of the #Armenian Orphan Rug now displayed in the @WhiteHouse visitors center:  http://t.co/NiKyvSijLT
MUST READ: @nytimes editorial on need for Congressional debate &amp; vote on #AUMF. "Congress Must Act on War Authority" http://t.co/LjB0IwGeQ7
I'm deeply disappointed that 42 Senators voted against even proceeding to a floor debate on USA Freedom Act. #NSAreform
I #StandWithNancy because she's fighting for #equalpay for equal work! http://t.co/6jIGXmRqyW
My op-ed in the @latimes this morning: "Congress must exercise its war powers" #ISIS #AUMF http://t.co/v4qNEVOqmh
Speaking at the National Press Club about the display of the #Armenian Orphan Rug at the @WhiteHouse Visitors Center. http://t.co/KcdgM4TV7x
The beheading of U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig, if confirmed, is terrible tragedy. Selfless man who came to help victims of Syrian civil war.
I voted NO on the #KeystoneXL pipeline bill today. If it reaches President's desk, he should veto this climate-harming bill immediately!
Will be talking to @JimSciutto on CNN around 1:10 pm ET/10:10 am PT about #ISIS and #Ukraine.
Speaker thinking of another lawsuit against Pres, this one on immigration. Shouldn't he find law firm willing to take the first case..first?
On November 13, 1982, the #VietnamVeteransMemorial was dedicated. It's time for the Lost 74 of the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans to join those names
New troop movements by Russia should remove any doubt about Putin's intentions towards #Ukraine. New severe sanctions needed against Kremlin
Well done @MPAA! New @Where_to_Watch tool is a one stop shop to find films &amp; TV shows online! #WhereToWatch.com
Congrats to @Philae2014 and ESA on a marvelous landing! Can't wait to learn more about the comet. #CometLanding http://t.co/dRqpSMnwxP
Great to be with veterans today at ceremonies in WeHo, Hollywood, Burbank and La Crescenta. #VeteransDay
Thank you to all the veterans &amp; their families. Our debt to you will never be repaid, and our gratitude will remain forever. #VeteransDay
The President is right. @FCC must adopt a strong #NetNeutrality rule to keep the Internet free and open. http://t.co/BUr62UkjwZ #nofastlanes
As we commemorate 25th anniversary of #BerlinWall coming down, it should be a reminder of the millions across the world fighting for freedom
Clearly, with recent strikes in Syria against #ISIS, it looks like our intelligence is getting better. http://t.co/lH8MH6hQlG
Talking with @PoppyHarlowCNN on @CNNnewsroom during the 2 pm PST/5 pm EST about about #ISIS, the midterms and release of #KennethBae.
Good news: Americans Kenneth Bae &amp; Matthew Todd Miller are finally coming back to U.S. after being released by North Korea.
Loretta Lynch will be a great AG. Strong background at DOJ, experience in national security, and commitment to justice reform &amp; civil rights
.@JaredRizzi believe President has very deep conviction that he doesn't want to leave to next presidency an unbridled authority to make war.
Art 1, Sect 8 of Constitution vests Congress alone with power to declare war, contains no asterisk relieving us of duty when inconvenient.
Deeply disappointed that @SpeakerBoehner is determined to defer debate &amp; vote over ISIS #WarAuthorization until 2015, instead of lame duck.
Unless @SpeakerBoehner &amp; Sen. McConnell commit to passing bipartisan #immigration reform bill, President must act.  http://t.co/Igro7WTv1M
Obama doesn't want to leave to the next presidency an unbridled authority to make war. My interview with @jimsciutto: http://t.co/Wd5EDcKC5A
Speaker doesn't want President to take immigration #ExecutiveAction, but unwilling to vote on the bipartisan bill? He's forcing Obama's hand
.@SpeakerBoehner must schedule a  debate and vote on new war authorization against #ISIS during lame duck. My letter: http://t.co/iyUFEjPxjO
ICYMI: I appeared on PBS's @tavissmiley last night to discuss the midterms &amp; need for Congress to debate war on ISIS http://t.co/LKXAdfN2tB
Today’s election day! Voting is open until 8 pm. Find your polling place here: http://t.co/LBQLjYHDhZ #Vote http://t.co/BOAsySaab8
I'm participating in @KPCCforum forum to discuss the U.S. response to #ISIS on Wed 9/5. RSVP here to join discussion: http://t.co/9kiRiaBQbw
ICYMI: I spoke with @KTLAMorningNews about the threat from #ISIS and lone wolf attacks in the U.S. this morning:  http://t.co/JbaLeWYYLH
Will be on @KTLAMorningNews around 8:30 am PT to talk about #ISIS and #Ebola. Hope you can tune in.
We have lots of resources devoted to finding &amp; stopping lone wolf attacks, but hard to stop all homegrown lone wolves http://t.co/DoCIpYEr8Q
I'm participating in @KPCCforum forum to discuss the U.S. response to #ISIS on Wed 9/5. RSVP here to join discussion: http://t.co/9kiRiaBQbw
Glad Jeffrey Fowle has been released, we must keep pressure on North Korea to free Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller who are still imprisoned.
My staff and I are proud to stand against bullying and #GoPurple for @glaad #SpiritDay. http://t.co/dcr6BWG8Xd
BREAKING: The Armenian Orphan Rug will be displayed at White House Visitors Center in November http://t.co/35LUlDDJfc http://t.co/aCnQTJeQbu
.@amaekaye Welcome to the best district in the country! Take a look at Rim of the Valley, helicopter noise, &amp; others: http://t.co/kAtD8MgsWx
Excited to join @Ride_2_Recovery tomorrow morning on the final stretch of their journey for a 60 mile bike ride to support wounded veterans.
This is great news: President Obama just designated the San Gabriel Mountains as a National Monument! http://t.co/woWWIokbpd
Here at Bonelli Park for President Obama signing the designation of the San Gabriel Mountains as a national monument! http://t.co/W8NUmRqnQd
Today, the real minimum wage is 30% lower than its peak in 1968. No American should work a full-time job and live in poverty #RaiseTheWage
Members of Congress should be very careful to present the facts, not hyperbole, about Ebola outbreak and ISIS threat to the American people.
Great news! LA has received $36M in grants as part of being a Promise Zone, which will help 10K students. Read more: http://t.co/yFGZuybekA
Will be appearing on @GDLA on @myfoxla this morning around 7:30 am PDT to talk about #ISIS
ICYIM: Spoke yesterday w/ @SteveKornacki on MSNBC about war against ISIS. Congress must vote on authorization. Watch: http://t.co/CcEYy1fcMD
Talking with @SteveKornacki on MSNBC tomorrow morning at 9 am EDT/6 am PDT about need for Congress to vote on authorization against #ISIS
To those of my constituents observing Yom Kippur today, I wish you and your family an easy fast. Tzom kal!
Defeating #ISIS is not America's cause alone -- but the imperative of all humanity to stand up to those who celebrate slaughter and mayhem.
The reported beheading of Alan Henning is another terrible example of #ISIS barbarity, executing a courageous man providing aid to refugees.
Good news: the economy added 248,000 jobs &amp; unemployment rate dropped to 5.9 percent last month, lowest unemployment rate since July 2008.
READ my op-ed in the @JewishJournal: "Gaza, and Europe’s new wave of anti-Semitism" http://t.co/zegZoHc7Xk
Constitution gives Congress alone power to declare war – it doesn't say, "but only when asked by president and not around midterm elections"
#LGBT online resources should not be blocked in public schools or libraries. Our letter to the @FCC: http://t.co/VfyetdF5TP #DontBlockLGBT
.@SpeakerBoehner saying he can't bring up war authorization is cop out of all cop outs. Constitution empowers Congress alone with this power
Appearing on MSNBC's @hardball w @JNSmall &amp; @Eugene_Robinson at 7:30 pm EDT/4:30 pm PDT to talk #ISIS &amp; need for Congressional authorization
British Parliament held debate &amp; vote on war against #ISIS. @SpeakerBoehner should call back Congress to do the same. http://t.co/6gDqd5e75A
It's absolutely staggering @SpeakerBoehner won't bring up a war authorization against ISIS for a vote. My interview: http://t.co/NDE6Zi94US
Eric Holder led @TheJusticeDept to its rightful position as pinnacle of integrity – his achievements &amp; legacy will last long after he leaves
Momentum is irresistible that we'll have vote on war authorization in lame duck session. We should be called back. http://t.co/7gczEYh0WH
#RoshHashanah begins at sundown, to all my Jewish constituents - Shanah Tovah and best wishes for the new year!
Will be joining @ToThePoint_KCRW around 1:15 pm PDT to discuss U.S. strikes against ISIL. Listen online (http://t.co/HnbBMM1uWu) or 89.9 FM.
My statement on US airstrikes against #ISIL &amp; #Khorasan group in Syria, and the need for congressional authorization http://t.co/lsJNS4KDzB
Firmly believe that @SpeakerBoehner must schedule vote on narrow/tailored AUMF targeting ISIL as soon as possible. #ConsitutionalImperative
Spoke with @jdbalart on MSNBC this morning about the President's strikes against #ISIL &amp; Khorasan group in #Syria. http://t.co/mkpRfDdHa4
ICYMI: Spoke on @FoxNewsSunday about threat from #ISIS, President's strategy &amp; need for Congress to authorize any war http://t.co/ceVwLfMpXg
Today, I proudly say "Oorakh Angakhootyan Or," as we recognize the 23rd anniversary of the independence of the Republic of Armenia.
I just voted yes on the amendment to equip &amp; train vetted Syrian opposition forces. My full thoughts: http://t.co/tImd0SInzp
ICYMI: I spoke with CNN's @ThisHour about the upcoming vote in the House on arming the Syrian rebels. Watch here: http://t.co/JdLRXwQYpd
My questioning at the first #Benghazi Committee hearing on the implementation of State Department ARB recommendations http://t.co/g5hqxv6ufj
Thanks to @TGowdySC for adopting my suggestion that first #Benghazi Committee hearing be on the implementation of the ARB recommendations.
#Benghazi Committee hearing on Accountability Review Board implementation starting now. Watch: http://t.co/TjI8saADcr http://t.co/rfmXacz2c3
In matters of war, Congress is not some suitor that needs be asked by the President to dance.  We must vote. #ISIS http://t.co/IbW8H86YuL
READ: My op-ed in @TIME Magazine: "Congress Must Vote on War." http://t.co/OqGcSNI19R
Introing narrow #AUMF to tackle ISIL in Syria &amp; Iraq, also repeals outdated 2002 AUMF, sunsets 2001 AUMF after 18 mos http://t.co/BBIPqnqZKc
Spoke with @conanNBCLA on @NBCLA News Conference about #ISIL and the American response this morning.  Watch here: http://t.co/gvlBNpdh9H
Talking with @AlexWitt around 9:25 am PST/12:25 pm EST about #ISIL &amp; the most recent barbaric beheading of a British aid worker in #Syria
ICYMI: Spoke with @randikayeCNN on CNN tonight about the barbaric beheading of the British aid worker, David Haines. http://t.co/ELaOz8F1nn
David Haines was in Syria to provide humanitarian aid to refugees. ISIL has such little regard for human life &amp; is medieval in its barbarity
Like every American, I recall that day like it was yesterday. On this anniversary, we think of those lost and press on. #NeverForget
Talked last night with @ABC7Elex about the President's speech about #ISIS threat &amp; difficulty arming Syrian rebels: http://t.co/C0cliTA5Bw
ICYMI: Spoke with @Maddow on MSNBC last night after President's speech. Must be a Congressional vote on authorization http://t.co/OEncsoBBEo
My full statement on the President's speech tonight to the nation on tackling #ISIS in Syria and Iraq: http://t.co/3tU4CssVF7
President said he welcomed Congressional approval. Would go further: I think a vote on authorization is a constitutional prerequisite. #ISIS
I thought the President's speech tonight on #ISIS was a solid opening statement, but not a closing argument. Looking forward to hearing more
Will be joining @maddow on MSNBC shortly to talk about the President's speech on #ISIS.
To those tweeting today, know that I too stand for a free and open Internet. We must protect #NetNeutrality
Domestic violence rate has dropped 64% since #VAWA was signed into law 20 years ago today. Recent events demonstrate we have more work to do
Highly skeptical that weapons provided to so-called moderate rebels would go to right groups &amp; stay in their hands. http://t.co/MACzy8TgcK
ICYMI: I spoke this morning with @JDBmsnbc about the need for Congress to have an authorization vote on #ISIS strikes http://t.co/MACzy8TgcK
ICYMI: I spoke with @WolfBlitzer on CNN this afternoon about the need for Congress to have authorization vote. #ISIS http://t.co/b9nNftnGzQ
We're not a suitor that has to wait to be asked to dance. We should take up an authorization vote in Congress. #ISIS http://t.co/eGae30pL21
As  President outlines his strategy to  defeat ISIS – a plan he acknowledges will take years – Congress must have a vote on an authorization
Joining @jaketapper and @RepKinzinger on @TheLeadCNN at 4 pm EST/1 pm PST to discuss next steps against #ISIS. http://t.co/5iBeJ4zxpa
READ: Op-ed with @SenFeinstein in the @ladailynews: "Time to build a earthquake early-warning system for California" http://t.co/NFCb4UbsWP
The so-called new #Benghazi  allegations were examined in detail by  House Intel Comm, which concluded that there was no "stand down" order.
My op-ed on #ISIS in @thedailybeast: Why airstrikes in Syria won't work and could do more harm than good. http://t.co/O1O00Fo7Y3
READ my op-ed in @thedailybeast: "Why Airstrikes In Syria Won't Work" http://t.co/s1mhbKtJhX #ISIS #Syria #Iraq
Alibaba's IPO may open floodgates to counterfeit products, manufacturers warn  http://t.co/mfAspkScts via @abc7
Reports of ISIL beheading second US journalist, Steven Sotloff, another gruesome reminder of their evil. ISIL must be confronted &amp; destroyed
Spending $350,000 to get lawsuit against President thrown out of court? No wonder people have low opinion of Congress http://t.co/yK0mObayl9
Today's Must Read: New York Times "Democrats Wary of #Benghazi Inquiry Stretching Into ’16 Election Season" http://t.co/tKmwnmTKgB
Happy Labor Day! Hope you are enjoying the day with family and friends!
