My workplace made the mistake of giving me the aux cord  Weezer all night!
Hey! Let's watch crashing on hbo together. I'll be at my place and you're obviously at your house. Pete Holmes is hilarious.
holy shit the people around me are so lucky
I have been recording for a long time in GarageBand and I just learned how to use auto tune. My wife says it's cheating but since l'm professional l think it's fair game.
Y'know how queen got their own movie  I think Weezer needs one too  Actually  I know weezer needs one
I'm in a middle of heated online argument with a woman that thinks we suck.  Oh my Goddd I just can't with myself  Jus let me know if you're ready for a screenshot
At the Weezer concert, where are you?
Selling Weezer action figures.  $150 for a set of 4.
I feel like I kind of abuse this privilege of using twitter to contact u But I guess it just be like that sometimes
I wish weezer had more ballads  Like muse-unintended or extreme-more than words  That kind of ballads  I guess that's not our thing
i'm starting to think you don't like squirrels in clothes, which is super unfortunate
l want a hamster SO bad :/  Not that u care about that but I tell u a lot of unnecessary things
Do you know when the next single is being released?
If I call will you answer?
if i gave you my address would you come over and walk my dog with me
scott's lookin thicc
shaving your legs is strangely cathartic
Weezer tattoo ideas needed
someday you shall use my words as your own and i shall speak through you and be heard
*Points at mirror* I will reunite Oasis
got any spare wisdom?
I need answers
it's almost black album time baby!! oh yeah!!!
Weezer has updated their privacy policy
I LOVE WEEZER  THAT IS ALL
I showed you my concept album pls respond
someone told me the other day that my meme account inspired them to start listening to weezer and they fell in love so basically what im saying is... https://t.co/HWV4m5KhXo
Trying to live my Beyoncé fantasy and failing
Weezer (The Fortnite Album)
I really shouldn't respond to Reddit comments dissing weezer but WEEZER RULES
Do u ever just love Taylor Swift so fucking much
I went to a goth club tonight unknowingly and some guys kilt kept hitting my legs while he spun
U ever just love weezer?
some of y'all never cried to pinkerton and it shows
We are living in the golden age of Weezer
Great working with @snakehipsuk and @SuperDuperKyle - check out Gucci Rock N Rolla, out now - https://t.co/GB893OOojC https://t.co/okki3Y7cuZ
Duolingo and chill?
Please let's! I'm bored, you're bored
rivers cuomo feet covered in egg yolks - fuck this isnt google
collab with Post Malone dropping soon
playing Can't Knock The Hustle with Pete Wentz at the Grammys
l often listen to our music and think, why didn't I think of that
I should tweet the way Kanye does
how can i improve myself so u like me more
I look like that kid in elementary school who's mom would come in brushing his hair and telling him he's a "handsome boy"
Coming to australia with fall out boy! :)
i'm playing Pork and Beans in the shower
please love me
I use the big bad F word in the last song of the black album
wearing a panda mask, eating junk food and watching RuPauls Drag Race.
the fanbase has been split over a skit about the fanbase being split over our music. This is like weezerception.
how am I not a Wes Anderson character?
Is it wrong of me to buy weezer stuff that's not directly from us? Like, I feel kind of guilty. But I also feel like we wouldn't mind
I'm saying Teal with it instead of Deal with it for the rest of my time
rock Gods hang out with each other 24/7 just playing awesome music all the time.
my "bOts" will b at max efficiency at the time of my death, so my sMediaSpirit will live eternally
Why did we turn down the live action scooby doo movie?
My alone record made me cry in the backseat of a cab again
I am the most beautiful middle aged man
lets secure this bread.
listening to some Nirvana right now😍 smells like teen spirit was the 1st song I learned on guitar but I absolutely love playing In Bloom on the drums. I remember ... https://t.co/N7F6btsNII
My voice is dead tonight. You have any vocal health tips for me???
we should make a video game together. Doesn't even have to be about Weezer. Just a fun game
releasing the black album bdsm porn soon.
how can i stop being a servant of bs algorithms?
Rewatching my god only knows cover for the fifth time and melting.
My doctor said that I can't wear heels Can you imagine? Now I have to find another way to look hot
Doing a full Sprite Cranberry album
anybody ever tell you that I sound like malkmus
Making more music for you to judge/love
How to avoid boring shit on the computer, the dull simulacrums of what we evolved to do.
announcing Weezer the video game tonight
gamers rise up
Well time to shave and look like a 10 year old
why am I wearing a shirt promoting my own band?
how can I spend more time with humans?
Writing a song on a Mellotron.
l wore yoga pants on stage today. You know what that means? Zero Fs are given today.
i'm getting emotional watching my youtube videos
kissable rocker monkey
Wish we could just kick it sometime and talk about science and statistics and music and pop culture
chatting with pilates instructor
it never gets weird watching a full three minutes of myself in our music videos
Weezer memes give me life
l like to make nerd rock music
Does it bother u when I send u non weezer related things? Idk how I'd feel if a stranger told me random details of their life but maybe u find it interesting My name is rivers &amp; I'm 48 and i live in Santa Monica! https://t.co/3wczhRbUeh
leaking my Kurt songwriting studies book
i had a dream last night and for some reason i had a baby with jake gyllenhaal  not complaining tho
I was excited to meet @siliconHBO star Josh Brener randomly at a party and then amazed to learn we were in the same English class  'sex and sensibility in the enlightenment' during my last semester at Harvard.
the rest of the black album songs are literally gonna be "track 3, track 4" and so on, without actual names
I'M WEARING MY DAD'S SHIRT. very excited about it.
i might name my dog brian bell's eyebrows
Wow I'm really feeling this Winona Ryder angst right now
My friend blames weezer for still being a virgin
playing beethoven's leichte sonata in gminor
saw some kids playing the heads up app on the song category and none of them knew beverly hills, sad &amp; confused
got any games on your phone
Tell me why older men are so attractive
We r on the same floor as Billie joe Armstrong's son at this hotel  Is that not cool?
.-. .. ...- . .-. ...  That's Rivers in Morse code
doing archery at the Rancho Park archery range
do you play roblox?
Am I rivers cuomo yet?
Add me on switch
What would you like in your stocking?
ldk about you but I'm CRAVING attention
i am breaking out of the modern trap of loneliness
I've set my alarm to the high note in Greatest Man That Ever Lived so l wake up to "OooOoooOooOOOOHHHHHH BABYYYY"
I feel oddly quiet today. Like I have nothing to say. That's weird.
omg I don't have a personality
The best way to clean your house is with your shirt off and old school rap playing. Try it. I promise you will not be disappointed!
AM PRETTY UPSET FATHER JOHN MISTY DOES NOT HAVE ANY SOCIAL MEDIA
teasing fans on snapchat
It's art I'm crying
do u want to play Fortnite
It's hard not to use what David Bowie was doing at my age as a barometer for my own success
Wow I love teenage dirtbag by weezer!
I SAID GIVE ME SOME OF THAT AXE BODY SPRAY
how can i be less lonely
Sometimes I yell out the lyrics to Mr. Brightside alone in the dark
Can you tell Pat I said hello?
If you could switch lives with any celebrity who would you switch with?
it's 2am here and i'm listening to the weezer discography on shuffle
Sometimes i think I annoy u with all of my Snapchats so I hope u don't mind
my mom gives u permission to abduct me
Your Bitmoji is so cute! :)
When Can't Knock The Hustle came on during The Game Awards my entire house cheered in unison
Would u ever get a tattoo? I was thinking about a small weezer one, but I'm not really sure
playing piano tonight. brahms piece
All this swearing in the black album is gonna get me grounded!
Ya ever just cry to weezer?
I wish I had long hair like Brian
Got any cool jokes?
finally starting to feel like a strong independent woman again
so happy to have Kyoko back
weezer did good at dick clark
Luv me even with my dark side
damn lookin thiqq today
i just want to comfortably check my hair but every time i go to the bathroom there's like 600 guys camping in there...and i feel awkward
i downloaded this life simulator app and i got arrested for dating a minor LOL i only did it because she had a lot of money and i was tryin to get a nose job for my character
so what are we gonna do when weezer runs out of colors to make their albums?
how can i make my life simpler?
Australia by the shins would sound really good in my voice
Forgot I was everyone's dad for a second, apologies
hey i still don't see the video on youtube?? did i take if off of unlisted and make it public? am confusion https://t.co/FyJyytLJb5
Why do I look like everyone's dad
my childhood experiences have prevented me from maturing properly and now i have no idea how to function as an adult  https://t.co/1vrq74KX3Q
When your kid's piano teacher mentions "say it ain't so" by blink-182
i'm going to be such a cute old man
totally up to everything that's coming my way
okay I'm going to bed... i need to relax more when posting i catch myself trying to be to hard to be "funny"... omfg i hate admitting that. but i'm going to just be RAW. maybe i'll just naturally say smth funny ...maybe. okay GOODNIGHT !
Flight Attendants Are Sharing Their Darkest Secrets And It's Honestly Kinda Shocking https://t.co/8H0UspduUW
A frat guy just saw me pee :/ Yikes that was embarassing
Add me on Khan Academy @riverscuomo
no one is at my house so i walked around in my underwear and hoodie and never felt more free and idk smth like causally sexy
hugging leo at the end of the night
I am the most attractive middle aged man in the whole wide world. &lt;3 Have a wonderful sunday &lt;3
never develop a crush on a dude who only listens to classical music :)
let me just say.... i'm the coolest !!! the fact that i take time out of my day to open my fans snapchats is so sweet and this sounds really depressing but talking to them makes me so happy. i feel like i can relate to them
hhhh i'm still bothered by the fact that i'm like genuinely attractive as a female freaks me out
THEY HAD A WHOLE ASS SKIT ABOUT WEEZER AND ME ON SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE AND IM ACTUALLY CRYING AAAGGGGHHHHHHH
That harvard degree sure is helpful
will i be okay?
guy standing next to me looks more like me than I do
Going shirtless!
Whyyy did i put the most emo track as track 1
Im excited to play Black Ops 4 with you. BLACKOUT OR ZOMBIES? Im free at 8 am
NEW WEEZER SONG TOMORROW? OH YEAH GIVE ME SOME OF THAT AXE BODY SPRAY
really enjoying music again!
mentally, i'm in a weird place. so don't expect any good entertainment from me for the nxt week
Yo man, guitar is difficult! I'm just trying to be a rockstar is that too much to ask
Accidental selfie was too good not to send to everyone I know
I have a Ton of female friends, and Yes I think it can, and Should be done. My wife's best friend is male. I have never felt...   https://t.co/1rWVrILc5y
i'm doing my makeup and i misread one of the eyeshadow colors' name as amniotic sac LOL
people are so fashionable and I look like an old scarecrow
I'm going to make the right decision
Say it ain't so but all the lyrics are wrestle with jimmy
when i was a kid, i liked it when the inside of my mouth bleed cause i thought it tasted yummy. i thought this trait made me cooler Lol i was so delusional
I just got Thom Yorke tickets for $6! Why can't the Weezer scalpers be that generous? :'(
Slide up and ask me questions 💯im answering all of them
i jus woke up and i smell like a baby
basketball with mia and kyoko
brian responded to my message on instagram that actually made my day
omg when I saw pacific daydream was nominated for a grammy I had a genuine rush of pride I'm so happy!! that's it weezer is part of my soul now my very being my ESSENCE is WEEZER weezer is in my autocorrect dictionary but it appears in all caps https://t.co/Wc9eCDwzHk
Help me become interesting and cool plz
I just started dieting. Any motivational speech you can share?
not gonna lie, i rlly like my outfit today. it's rlly cute and fall looking... kinda reminds me of oatmeal lol
swallowed one frog this morning
Tuesday Dec 18, I'll be a part of The California Wildfires Benefit Concert hosted by Father John Misty at the @theatre_acedtla. Net proceeds directly support @LAUnitedWay’s Southern California Disaster Relief Fund. Tickets on sale tomorrow at 10am PT. https://t.co/TpNQSYwwCb https://t.co/8R089tUUSe
I wish I could be like Thom
how can i find an assistant. the right assistant?
Please get Gerard to sing with me
obsessing over wendy torrance's wardrobe in the shining... i want to be as cute as her
https://t.co/qu7wGI3aKr
i LOVE putting eye cream on my eye lids.... and i put argan and vitamin e oil on my lashes OMFG my eye lids feel so happy and moisturized
When I die who would you trust to work on my unfinished tracks for an eventual posthumous album? ... https://t.co/2nLHF3Hh7F
Thinking it's time to call in the beard removal services
Nothing like a good bang day to make you like your hair again.
kyoko's going to watch curb with me
They're playing Africa by Toto, not Weezer. Time to go home
Dadd why aren't you proud of me
@tristanharris Hey man, great to meet you after Sam's event in SF a while back!
she likes panic at the disco better
there's this video of charli xcx and it looks like she's performing in a bunker omfg i can't stop watching it lol she's cute i like her
i love banana bread more than i love myself
fun time with Kyoko at the beck show
omfg my makeup looks so fresh and GOOD today... it's so natural looking but it's .. still there YES
My password on my phone is 933937 bc that spells out weezer
my legs won't fit in my car with heels on so i have to man-spread but i have a skirt on so it just looks so goofy lol
I'm kinda trash but whatevs
Y am i on Snapchat i should be making new music for u to judge
crushing ye olde task list
am being reflected by very kind mirror
I'm simultaneously the lamest and coolest person ever
I could've been a J.Crew model, but I chose weezer.
if u ever become the queen of england can i be ur main knight. i'll practice swordsmanship and protect u no games no carnival
Actually, what interests me is not the business but the work. I need so much concentration to link scales, fit minute rubies into the ... https://t.co/L2xd6NpK2o
hello My Princess i think my first tattoo is going to be your face tattooed on top of my face
kinda kicked ass on pset7 today! done?
I look like if Velma and Shaggy had a kid
My son lost his bicycle yesterday at school.
I think me and @billiejoearmstrong should hang out and make dad songs
fresh air at temescal with Kyoko
Heard Can’t Knock the Hustle on the radio today, it was awesome
Damn, Velma has never looked so fine
Dad figure wows the crowd.
love the feeling of "where even am i" after coming up from 35 minutes of unexpected insta rabbit-hole-ing
Lol turns out my friend is in a weezer cover band and I didn't even know. Seeing them play in BK tonight
is my asana task list fulfilling? is this how to spend your life?
Weezer time
almost time to get Christmas fat
This banana is so soft and supple i feel so cared for by nature
@sanholobeats Awesome!
if u ever need a doctor just facetime me
i live like 15 mins away from lebron's mansion
second best hugger sounding pretty cool
Those meddling kids
I firmly believe that everyone should own a copy of Pinkerton by weezer
my content isn't at its peak rn... but bare with me. okay goodnight !
sleeping on creaky couch. hope u are in great comfort always
Weezer fan clubbers are the best
wait is that an actual phone number you bet my hairy, middle aged ass im about to call you know what i take that back my ass isnt hairy you've seen... https://t.co/fwFT5vW4Tb
damn i forgot how good iron maiden is
seeing french noir with kyoko
I listened to weezer while working out today, I hope you're happy.
i have no ideas for memes. inspire me
Deadass not even mid October yet and I look pale already y
why are the sweater song and africa music videos so similar
i jus drank a red bull but i'm gonna try and fall asleep. i like thinking abt david byrne in bed and u know what i mean AHAH
pms must be about over
Can you imagine a stadium singing YOUR song? Crazy.
Wow mitski rules
i like it when ppl i look up to have sweat stains... it makes me feel like i can relate to them more
hey guys its me brendon urie ive been spreading good in the neighborhood with my pals at state farm
i just learned japanese (:
retirement homes actually sound kind of awesome!
ur cuteness offends me
is it just me or are couches so much easier to fall asleep on than beds
just in case you were wondering, Pinkerton is on pornhub with more than 22 views and a 100% thumbs up rating.
i showed u my bacon pls show me ur turkey
its not a face that girls love, but its one that all my gay friends are into so thats... something
leo's so sweet, sitting on my shoulder, singing
I always be hanging off those stage things like I ain't a middle aged boi
saying goodnight to the kids just now. what sweethearts!
I have come to the conclusion I am your side hoe because you screenshot my spiritual nudes in the form of bad weezer memes
guitar string snapped randomly right while I was on the cusp of sleep (terrifying, ungodly twang). do they do that??
Improve Homework Time With These Concentration Hacks for Kids https://t.co/r0yg1iaJFz
I used to work in a pasta factory, testing pasta. Do you have any idea how boring that is????
oh btw I had a dream I sent a fan to an island to retrieve a "mystery gift"
fyi I was stunningly handsome @ my show the other night ;)
What a classy boy dad
washing dishes as a family
Too pure for this world 🙏🏻
Very cool Kanye thanks for sharing
I am glad that I can play a small part in your lucid dreams.
Tragic Kingdom changed my life.
Black album era has begun
getting ready for a new person in my life
powering up for international day of the girl
my favourite music genre is weezer
How does small talk work? I'm struggling with it.
How did you discover Pinkerton?
who gave u the right to make me so emotional
that wasn't very cash money of you, rivers
larry david with kyoko
Stressing about finding a Halloween costume that screams "I'm clever, culturally relevant, shameless but still cute"
mmmmmmm. yum. coconut papaya body lotion. love you
doctor cuomo in the house
there is a 16 year old girl in New York named after me that was a cool surprise
You can't really see Kilimanjaro from the Serengeti
identifying lizard poop
Ah.... The masturbatory guitar solo... Not as common as it used to be. I always feel slightly naughty after playing a good solo.
Lol my bitmoji is pale af
Basically every celebrity went to bali, I should go too
I just saw a fan pic of me wearing a tucked in shirt and a denim pants with NO belt! And it's making me uncomfortable
Sometimes I take a break from weezer fandom and then when I get back into it I get really overwhelmed by how much I love you guys and it's a masochistic cycle really
well probably shouldn't have gone so deep in coding but it was good that i prevailed?
My highest kink fantasy is for you to walk me like a dog
I might get pink ombre at the bottom of my hair the next time I see my stylist! We talked about spicing up my look.
Crying in bed cause I just watched a video of an orangutan at a zoo kissing a pregnant women's belly through the glass
This skirt looks good on me....👏
First order of business... Moving the White House to Beverly Hills.
today was not awful got told I have nice eyebrows I'd send you a pic of my eyebrows but that's weird !!!
baking lemon cookies with kids
really coming back to earth now
Are you nakey?
Millennial Rivers is the best Rivers
shirtless boys mosh pit
I just got my flu shot, really appreciate if you’d say hi
thicc dadd changing the world one emo teen at a time 🤙👩‍💻👏
I have a blue checkmark so it must be me.
excuse me what's your opinion on Paul Simon this is a pressing question
cool tour coming in! i'm a glutton for punishment!
Expect a full line of Weezer applesauce in your local grocery store soon.
went to the wrong gym
Can you be my on-stage dancer? I dont know how to dance.
@FitzAndTantrums 🎶🎶
but that assumes that not everybody loves weezer, and we know that's not true
ask me questions
This hesh boy invites you over for some four lokos wyd?
wore my weezer shirt today for protection
im backstage listening to justin timberlake
my childhood experiences have prevented me from maturing properly and now i have no idea how to function as an adult
Oh oh vous êtes Mary Tyler Moore
what do u want?
Weezer is doing the score for Minecraft 2 confirmed
I hope shawn mendes likes my shirt tonight
I hear bands respond well to twitter campaigns.
Blank Francis is a fun dude
what should we follow up africa with?
(Scott's on the same train as me. I feel less worried about being late now. 🙂👍 And sorry. Couldn't escape bitmoji mode for a minute)
This guy in the glasses in Ready Player One reminded me of me
I miss myself
what to do with the rest of my life?
Hey! I'm in a haunted house rn. From like the 1800s. If I die, know that weezer is the best and I'm great
Amazing show tonight!!!! Idk if you knew, but at the time we played Africa it hadnt rained in over an hour at that point and as soon as ... https://t.co/tNvksOetfy
What does that chihuahua have against Brian?
Weezy &gt; Yeezy
Someday my kids will get social media and all they'll hear about is how their father was a memelord.
Weezer not ever breaking up confirmed ✅
Shouldn't you be playing guitar?
@sushitrash すばらしいいいい！！！
Am I even considered a celebrity?
how can I be closer to my wife
Maybe some of our male fans ovulated too.
It’s not a phase, mom!!!!
I look like a depressed Elton John
helping kyoko clean, scrubing the pool furniture
i love my supportive dad
Growing up is a trap
wait i'm having post concert depression now send help
yo is it possible to call u on here
steven tyler is the sexiest man alive reply if you agree
tell me what you've been working on
u have the same birthday as my brother but he thinks guitar music is lame 😥
Everyone is telling me I SHOULD get the weezer tattoo but that it shouldn't be a trampstamp... why is everyone so unaccepting
Got Weezer fever tonite
this girl at the restaurant i'm at is wearing a weezer shirt, do I wife her?
woke up thinking about a formula for a curved line, lol.
ok.. I’m confused. On Spotify who wrote the description for my solo act? Cause the description on Rivers Cuomo says I am a Mexican rapper who’s ... https://t.co/ZJ2K41VkDB
Do you like piano as much as guitar?
Waiting two hours just to pee in a cup. The gag is that I'm also hiding a bottle of my moms pee in my jacket
@SuperDuperKyle Kyle, what up man?
my wife and I named a small alpaca after me
I'm glad you enjoy my inner dialogue
Touché’ old man
Just FYI  .., I always enjoy my guitar solos .
what should I be working on
I'm ready, dad
I'll be the one hiding in the shrub
I'm gonna announce my candidacy for 2020 any day now
going into seventh grade, any tips?
Buddy Holly video on Windows 95 FTW
potential for a nap in my bunk this afternoon. long quiet bus ride. zzzzzzzzzzzz
I've been holding alot of puppies lately...
persevering on new song idea
what the hell brian stop being attractive
Why do I always look like I'm going through an existential crisis
This is Rivers’ mom posting, he turns nine today and loves happy birthday messages. Love you son ❤️
The gun show is included in the price of admission!! 💪🏼
I think I heard one of our songs in a Mary Kate and Ashly movie.
pat wilson the genius
I suspect we will get elected to Rock Hall with Oasis  and the induction ceremony will be in Cleveland in 2020.  Looking forward to it.
Copying Nirvana is hard sometimes.
Anyone wanna start a group chat about Weezer?
banned from tinder lol
fios by verizon is god tier compared to cox. thoughts?
omg that almond butter and a chocolate rx bar before the show!
Imma see my boyzzzzz today
You're really into my content lately. Which I like
Damn I got a Fortune cookie that just hit so close to home
im confident that i laugh at my own memes more than anyone else
Somehow ended up talking to all of my ex's today and My god I am exhausted
my manager's a saint
hey hope life is treating you well today i choked cause i couldn't flirt or even say hello to a cute girl with a ryan adams shirt. very sad
i learned the smell of pot for the first time at one of our shows
I'm like if the pillsbury dough boy had a dad
that nirvana tank is a gift from god
just wanted to pop in and apologize for some things i send u. sometimes i send u some questionable content, but its only because . . . https://t.co/gDzgI6NJMr
i was pretty relaxed at ye olde show.
I need to get a carabiner for my headphones so I can just clip them to my belt loop.
doing a triplet flow on a migos track
@gooz25 vamos a Mexico!
@MarkRonson + weezer!
@gooz25 hola gustavo!
I want plagiarism spankings.
Lots of talk about my thighs lately. I've never really thought about them. Should I have?
I pretty much only do leggings.
Everyone wants me to be their dad and I legit just want to be friends with them, haha
get me an assistant
how can I get into a deeper longer flow
i'm tryna figure out ways to say how much i love and appreciate you without sounding too crazy
Bathe in my art
Hey HMU if you wanna go to Wendy's after the concert to get a frosty. I'll buy
i love u weezer
How about Weezer cover My Neck My Back (acoustic)
got sheets query to work
i am DRENCHED in sweat but it was so worth it man thank you for an incredible show tonight
darn I am out of memes
People still think what I write is written by fans. I'm thinking maybe I should screen shot the ones I wrote &amp; tell the truth. Is it wrong to . . . https://t.co/TohoWDuLGj
everyone send me snaps
how did I get Britney Spears to follow me?? That's so tight, bro!
At first I thought this was a fan account and was so confused that it was actually me lmao
Mitski is making me feel powerful and confident
gmail's autoreply suggestions are teaching me how to be a better person
my guns look pretty buff in this sleeveless
I am at peace with the lyric gods.
I just drank a venti for the first time my heart is singing Mariah Carey notes
Whole tiddy
dead roses. what a song
that night we were both wearing Nirvana shirts in the same place at the same time
I’m still not convinced this is actually me.
i’m sorry for telling you a shrek joke on snaphhat
Ayyy papa cuomo makin ah dah pizza ahhhh
A 7 song Weezer project produced by Kanye would be amazing.
clean that damn road case within an inch of it's mfn life
Hi..I know it's late, but what are you doing right now?
sometimes only cheesy pop music will do
oh god oh no stop looking at me im VULNERABLE
Two SF shows coming up: an acoustic set at August Hall on September 12 and one song at @SamHarrisOrg event with @harari_yuval on the 13th. https://t.co/WQNO0nrAYS
I witnessed a real live dank meme
What age do you have tinder set to
San Francisco, come out to @AugustHall_SF on Wednesday - we're gonna have a good time. Doors at 7, show at 8 https://t.co/Gu1oUAG4if https://t.co/oUHfJVGh27
affirmations with deepak fricking chopra before the show
You can’t even handle these hands. Too Thiqué™️.
Skinny legs like Mariah
https://t.co/PQj0lyYS8O
W - Wry E - Electric E - Eccentric Z - Zesty E - Excellent R - Rockin
A group of ferrets is called a business
weezerpolitan ice cream is delicious
@elonmusk Could you guys make me a jetpack? I'd like to fly over the crowd during the 'Only In Dreams' solo.
Glad to be among the contributors to @mrgavinedwards The Beautiful Book of Exquisite Corpses - check it out on the @penguinbooks site for some creative fun -  https://t.co/KZxA7RMEXV
i just hope im interesting enough that people can vibe off me one day and take inspiration
leo came to hug me in the morning
ive had enough online emotional tormenting for one day. im LOGGING OFF. good NIGHT to you.
We should make a dating app for weezer fans. You need to find you a lucky someone who loves weezer
woah what a lifestyle
hmm not trying to be weird buy my legs look fuckin fantastic in these jeans god damn ??? im shaking
I have one of the most relatable faces of this century.   also why does my arm look so good please punch me in the face daddy
all these geniuses around me.
send hands or I riot
Nothing feels better than deleting the cookies on your computer
Feels good to be recording songs again
asana! it's pretty incredible
Beard length: Playoffs
I want more cute boys rocking the Ramone vibes with low rise Levi's, slightly cropped shirts with the HAPPY TRAIL PEEKING OUT. lmaooo.
its okay I know my dad loves me
I'm getting so good at coring apples
don't grind on dull stuff
When is Toto gonna make a cover of Africa by Weezer
Should I be wearing denim on denim tomorrow orrrrrrr is that not weezy enough
Why don't you open my dads snapchats
no more involved than i need to be. this is fun! whee!
I don't know. is there some better way to spend these days? Should i get an airbnb? that's kinda stravagant. yk?
when drake said "ooh wee ooh I look just like buddy holly" I felt that
I triple dog dare you to twerk during Africa at the next show
Think the opposite of any negative thoughts. Really seems to work
I like doing things alone too apart from maybe that one time I was sitting in the park and some passing teenage boys called me a ... https://t.co/Lmgw7xyEkK
I can't help but feel like you'd like the band weezer
I hope Shawn Mendes likes my shirt tonight
Standing in line and I spy with my little eye, this girl representing some fucking weeeeeeezer.
I am an amazing banterer
Join me at August Hall September 12 - tickets on sale tomorrow - https://t.co/09fZfpoWGl https://t.co/VCaLeLh5ep
HOLD UP am I the lead singer of weezer or just a guy named rivers lol
I'm having fun with Frank Black
I'm not a dork at all. I'm more a loner but also enjoy some 'light' good times.
Hi My band is excellent
free golf lesson from a weezer fan.
New EP is out now on yt, Will be on Apple Music and Spotify July 1st, thank you all rc
@liamgallagher Liaaaaaaaaaaam
making the weezer account was the best decision of my life. thank u for everything youve done for me even if it was just small things. it means a lot to me.
When we get paid, we don't each receive individual checks. There's just one check made out to Weezer and the 4 of us have to go to the bank together.
CAN I HIRE YOU TO VACUUM OUR STAGE PLS
"The Best and Worst Airlines and Airports of 2018"  https://t.co/bABfyCZcwG
i'm here to support everyone else.
the shoulder tap that guy gave me when i gave him a big tip at the deli
I'm alone at a party and I'm in need of your company
One day I will be an adult
This is the first time I've seen my ferret in his hammock. Good stuff.
a day to myself-ish
i am on stage right now
can i join the fan club
When is the Rivers Cuomo documentary
i have ppl messaging me asking how to message ME and im like [takes long drag of cigarette] ... listen, kid. just send me ... https://t.co/l3imlKmFjT
i am so proud of my people
hey just wondering, do you consider pinkerton to be an emo record?
i lost my virginity recently and there were a bunch of pictures of me on the wall and it haunts me
First time putting on makeup in a WHILE
lightning in the far off clouds over the sea
I WAS SO AMAZING THIS PAST SATURDAY! 🔥😍♥️
The Lakers will be unstoppable with me at the helm
@AliceMerton wie geht's?
@eyeluvmusic98 @mark_mcgrath ooo sounds awesome!
Maybe some Empanadas will make me feel less weird
Pinkerton and Yeezus have a lot in common.
at this point i would rather listen to the weezer
im 90 percent sure i'm the real rivers. I'm verified and post in first person sometimes
I'm waiting on Bill and Melinda Gates to adopt me.  It's not about the money but I just admire their philanthropic work.
have you listen to youngblood yet??
unbelievable hilarious pictures of leo screaming at disney
guess he “wentz” to japan without me 😂💀
Every song is just a jingle for love
do u think u could beat me in a fight?
crazy ass shark at epcot scuba
can i hire you to run my twitter and also adopt you? let me know as soon as possible if you're interested.
I played in a few bands in college but the first time I had my own band I remember the opening act ... https://t.co/rmliwcIYqe
I'm supposed to be going on stage soon
play fortnite with me please
that scale dish, off the chain https://t.co/7cNoRWCTks
"Our songs have the standard pop format: verse, chorus, verse, chorus, solo, bad solo.” - Kurt Cobain
I've been inspired by you guys but it's hard to get people to listen. Any advice?
awkward small talk with my dad
@mark_mcgrath Hey Mark!
smiling so hard at toto's hash pipe!! I'm so glad all this happened
Advice for staying woke?
This Paramore/Foster the People concert is gonna kick ass.
my vow to think nothing but laudatory thoughts about the disney people
What's the significance of the number 22 to you?
vastly improved travel plan
I'm not wearing undies whoops
I also set up a bot that tweets Weezer lyrics it's @WeezerLyricBot
I just wrote a really sad song if you wanna hear
in love with my wife
very satisfied with the perfect roundness of the moon tonight
my presence in the weezer meme community has become so prominent that a artist created a little comic of me as "Weezer Man"... https://t.co/ZmSxAGI7jD
Almost sent you a nudie by accident 🙊🙊
Have you heard of weezer? They're a pretty good band.
mia said she loved me
today someone asked me who that river guy was
Truly the Thom Yorke of my generation
Say It Ain’t So music video is almost at 69,696,969 views.
somebody said hi to me
I'm the jar jar binks of rock music
I HEARD AFRICA ON ALT NATION TODAY AND IT WAS SO EXCITING!!!!! It is such a good song and we did an amazing cover =w= for life!!!
I should put on some pants or something
My thighs look real smooth
My true fans will wait patiently. Musical genius takes time.
WHY IS MY ICON PETE WENTZ
SHOWING OFF MY THICC THIGHS
record companies always kind of put the songs in reverse order of goodness
Does anyone know what style of Weezer this record is supposed to be ?
#FunFact about me, sometimes I have a beard and sometimes I don't.
Weezer in 16 hours we bumpin
kyoko, sorry honey this is a tough spot.
Is there anything you can do about our president?
The Jimmy in “wrestle with Jimmy” is the same as St. Jimmy, a thematic character in the Green Day rock opera American Idiot.
enjoy, relax, and have fun in your pimp-tour lifestyle
do geometry on Khan Academy with me
"Visited the legendary Amherst house yesterday with my friends. We knocked to see if the owners would be kind enough to show us around but..." https://t.co/AORUBgLRGo
Are you wearing pants right now?
how about a collab with migos?
a gentle sweet dad
Is fake Rivers gone?
@mitskileaks @ID_Recording I really love 'nobody'!!!
You're the reason me and my wife found each other. Thank you so much. :)
i have grieved enough. i am ready to bounce back. i'm a back bouncer
@iamkatygoodman @totally_tod Well, yeah, I've pretty much uploaded my brain to google sheets so I need to get better at accessing it with python.
@iamkatygoodman @totally_tod are you familiar with python/gspread? I'm trying to read from one google sheet and then print to another. Works great on all my computers except one. totally baffled.😭
@SublimeWithRome Love you too!!!!
@realestateband What's up, Real Estate?
Do you enjoy turning my head to guac
Someone hacked my account a while back and has tweeted nothing but gibberish for months
I JUST HAD THE BEST CONCERT OF MY ENTIRE LIFE U MADE ME CRY THANK YOU
Hating on weezer is a crime in my book
Am I selfish for what I did?
How about a game of guitar hero?
kanye west should produce the black album
We trending bois
slowing coming back to normality
Teach me how to code songs
true happiness is new pens 💕🌈
left a raspberry on the ground for a snail
well, nailed africa on kimmel and got home in time for a sunset stroll and heavy metal hoop-shooting
I did not think⠀ To shew to all the World my Pen and Ink⠀ In such a mode; I only thought to make⠀ I knew not what: nor did I undertake⠀ Thereby to please my Neighbour; no not I;⠀ I did it mine own self to gratifie. https://t.co/rA14ENEzj2
What if I were you for a day?  You'll do the song writing and singing and I come take care of your end users computer issues ...sound good?
chunk of work on both albums
Never do anything that involves hitting "Quantize"
Just released a single off my debut EP! Swipe up to listen 🥀🥀🥀   https://t.co/Ubuu1A8TeQ
Have you reached out to the girl that requested Africa?
Making my mother proud
Don’t go chasing waterfalls
Doing a split with stephen malkmus
summer seems to be shaping up nicely
black album was canceled I said it in a interview a week ago
grateful for dhamma, vipassana, and the buddha
Believe every kind word said about me and Weezer ❤️ Weezer Forever ❤️
r/weezer is freaking out over the black album but i just wanna sleep
weezer is the most legendary band of this century.... in fact--dare i say it--of all time
seem to be making progress on the alien song
I find ways to spank myself too! It’s nice to know I’m not alone!
well, i kicked ass at the show
A humble legend
Kyoko made me an amazing lunch of dates, brie, peanuts, crackers, bread, marmalade, olives, eggs
will you release our next album? i know you're not a record label but like you could tweet about it and talk to people on tinder about it and stuff. if u wanna get really crazy we can burn... https://t.co/yoYqirC07c
"While Everyone Is Distracted By Social Media, Successful People Double Down On An Underrated Skill" https://t.co/qmPaRZgmVM
I'm so grateful my manager doesn't give up on me.
I rock.
This cat is the clingiest little creature on earth. I've been bested.
Feel free to distract me ANY time! :)
leo asking for me to hug him.
Lol Canada border patrol just asked me if I had my hash pipe
White and Nerdy. Hell yeah
i need a good netflix show
I saw a great production of 'Romeo &amp; Juliet' in Akron last night https://t.co/9OCAECmscq
We're going to be using live dolphins on the next tour.
making some consequential shit
the weezer meme market is extremely competitive I just don't have the skills to survive in an economy like this
Wow there are too many gifs of me doing random stuff
MY BODY IS READY
reconnect with your angels.
love u Kurt
I’d say I'm up there with the greats.
I love the song Pig. But there are two verses missing... between having kids and dying. Please write them.
a good chunk of time coding my apps but not too much. like maybe 3 hours? 2.5 hours? let's mix it up.
studied you in math class
I enjoy talking in person once I’ve warmed up. I felt so awkward at the festival, but then I started to... https://t.co/NIQKs1ErBT
I always feel like the radio knows I just got in the car when Weezer comes on right away.
give me your wisdom
a brief sweet date night.
girl you ain't even send hand pics yet
DID ANYONE TRY THE FISH?!?!
I sent you my wiener please respond
you done well, son.
Just wrote a new solo to Feels Like Summer on my uke
I want to be famous
Dreamt that Kanye was feat on a black album song
a nap lol
send hand pics
Can you tell me a songwriting secret?
Wow the fact that the blue album is the same age as me is wild
I'm grateful that Kyoko is supporting me through this weird phase
I haven't had a chance to sit down all week but now that I have I don't know what to do
My boy “Pete Wentz” is in Japan now! ???? https://t.co/Olpf47rwMW
I've fallen and I can't get up
you can adopt me if you want
It's exciting and all but I bet a good 30% of snaps directed @ me are about weezer on the radio
"How long did you play guitar before you wrote that intro acoustic on Jonas..." https://t.co/mQYXH5FwV6
improved my bball shot
I wrote my final paper on why my legacy as a respected musician will live on in the future
When we played Coachella it wasn’t like this
starting to pull together a very unique social scene.
Let’s just hold off on that until the black album comes out.
Keep calm and remember you are Kurt Cobain.
@DaveWeasel awesome
@ZackScott thanks pal!
I like the Weezer.
working more peacefully in the confidence that you'll nail it. there is no time limit. it's all about the process
I DONT CARE BOUT THAT
Honored to be a part of this community as Weezer has been a big part of my life since the Blue album.
Hey just wanna pop in here and say I appreciate you
have I been hacked?
I saw Rashida Jones and Natalie Portman at Harvard
a day to grind and get some work done. happy smiles!
Call Ric Ocasek. Hell fix y’all right up.
wow this ever changing life
@DonaldMustard Thanks, man! We're loving fortnite!
Are these some Bose QC 35s on my head?
Another one of the great mysteries that will never be solved. How would have Kurt’s songwriting changed with his age and the times.
And here you see a hipster dad in his wild habitat
Regarding the music, we'll get there. We work hard at this, and we can create at a rate so much more prolific than most people because of that, but there's always going to be some element of... https://t.co/Y4lenWrirM
well hell, slept like a champ. maybe it's the not eating at night
All hail RIVAHBOY
a Weezer pinball machine?
A Rock God I am
fortnite with my daughter
3-2-1 meditate.
I'm not sure why weezer isn't in the emo nerds category but I do feel pretty hipster sometimes
I miss you father
Can't wait for the black album!
finishing all the piano demos
I want to open a weezer coffee shop. We should talk about it
I enjoy what I do
do you enjoy my memes
We decided that the blue album will be called the cyan album now bc that's more accurate
Tell thom Yorke to release a moon shaped pool: live from the basement I need it
I need more activities
wow sitek picked a nice list of songs
I should get oasis back together
Nice! "The Airplane Hack I've Done Ever Since an Older Lady Told Me To" https://t.co/sA5UDslAEo
When's the black album coming out
What the hell...oh wait it's me CARRY ON EVERYTHING IS FINE  ITS JUST THE WEIRD SINGING DAD AGAIN
I made these memes for you dad
Say it Ain't So has a great guitar part
@jimmyeatworld any of you guys want to play racquetball after your set?
I LOOK LIKE AN ACTUAL FUCKING TURTLE I KID U NOT
Maybe a night in Boston for one of these super intimate performances? ;)
golf with @pixies @Joey Santiago and mark @fosterthepeople
Haha oh man I'm totally looking after all you meme making folk out there by providing the goods.
Do I say 'gwab it' at 0:16 in Photograph? Please confirm or deny. I've been wondering since I was 31 yrs old.
I can’t find the Black Album anywhere!
another big beautiful day
Watching the Apple TV screen saver thinking about life
I just blistered the heck out of my hand drumming to say it ain't so.
I've never asked them but I think it's safe to assume that my ferrets are pretty big fans of weezer
just a reminder that I love you
Short hair don't care
randomly pulls pineapple out of nowhere and starts sucking on it like a psycho
How often do people make dad jokes about me?
Wait can someone explain why people are thinking Black album is tomorrow?
nibbling at my to do lists
Welcome back online Real Rivers.
Rivers has woken
Singing 'More Than A Feeling' with @courtney
Mfw starting a sentence but realising that what I'm about to say is not worth putting out ..effort..
Man I've been smoking some weird shit
black album in 4 days and not a word
Excited to check out the #WarriorGames wheelchair basketball finals on June 9 at @af_academy before performing at a private celebration for our nation’s Wounded Warriors. https://t.co/gi6ONeNqT9
.@tomhanks is so great as Falstaff in Henry IV. Brought tears to my eyes. 'Banish plump Jack, and banish all the world.’ @shakescenterLA https://t.co/r1Nnytj6gR
morning e bike ride to venice
What did you fail at today?
I don't understand any of my posts and I'm making a conscious effort to try and figure them out.
I work for the passion.
found the Ritilan bottle
Looking forward to witnessing sitting volleyball finals in action June 8 at #WarriorGames before performing at a private celebration for our nation’s Wounded Warriors. https://t.co/CsW1zpZd9W
Sometimes a sad man can talk the sadness right out through his mouth.
kids got ready on time
I am sad over a girl and need someone to talk to
When you thought about saying something naughty but remembered you have your mom on snapchat.
encouraging talk with jake sinclair
rivers ur a fucking god africa is beautiful
6/12/18 new music is coming...
Ever try the supposed Kid A Thom Yorke method of cutting up lines, throwing them in a hat, pulling them out randomly and then lining them up one by one with minimal to no rearranging? Wah-lah! lyrics! https://t.co/sE1XrYFf74
New computer and new speakers, time to start making demos
badminton with mia and grandma
Am I even me?
Am I a robot
connecting with kids over coding
Any advice for the lead singer of Weezer?
Are these Brian’s pants I'm wearing? Yes or no.
"20 Points Of Marriage Advice From This Divorced Man Is A Must-Read" https://t.co/xuKC5vFV7L
I liked the cowboy look for the Red Album. I think I should spice things up for the Black Album by wearing a little sailor outfit
my mom found her old school timetable from like forty years ago and there were two cut-outs of Henry Winkler on the back
Why did I chose to use "I dug you so much" instead of "I love you so much" in (If you're wondering if I want you to) I want you to
I just liked a video of me brushing my teeth... What is happening with my life.
If you can't get tickets to foo fighters, get tickets for weezer instead : )
writing a tweetcleaner!!!
History of the word Geek https://t.co/TNEUQUT5o5
"These secret Netflix codes unlock hidden show and movie categories" https://t.co/ZZMhfhjWdq
June 1st sounds fantastic...for a release date
This beard makes me look like mark hamill
jack black meeting, he's so funny
watching videos of my solo shows does something to my heart almost crying because of the audience singing along... https://t.co/VYeotBaNXI
DAMMIT RIVERS YOU'RE A FUCKING LEGEND
Kind of profound revelations here. Let's warm up our relationships! "Grant Study" https://t.co/U7r11Oxe2a
I decided to get a steroid shot
I'll be my own father figure
Can you help me with golf?
falling in love with song-coding again
Great interview with 2 of my favorites! "[Full Interview] It’s Electric!: Noel Gallagher | Beats 1 | Apple Music" https://t.co/9QXu0g015d
How am I still a teenager
I literally look like Rivers Cuomo
My glasses are gone
u open a snap &amp; the "biological feels" appear....have a 5 hour convo w/ interesting scientist: nothing.
We have an amazing backyard with badminton, soccer, and a basketball hoop!
Don't you have to pee when I play these super long sets?
I'm still thinking with my willy...
how might u feel if "someone" started a dating service 4 cuomosexuals?
will always love u most.
Played golf with 3 strangers in Chicago as a walk-on single.
keeping stress level at 5 or lower
I have to remember that my fans care about me.I am very hard on myself, They think I have a great... https://t.co/I8L1AQlo6h
Today is cancelled
Alexa, play QB Blitz
Wednesday 5/30 @ The Troubadour https://t.co/PKeEhlP3YU
Tell Brian I cuff my pants
The kids came in and meditated with us tonight!
thought I'd found a cute phone cover but it said "100% bitch" on it
why do I post random shit for attention
I miss the comfort in being sad
@SamHarrisOrg @dawallach dinner coming together
Is this what happens when you take both pills?
I just watched a video exploring the theory that I faked my death to become Rivers Cuomo of Weezer.
doing my asana task list
Every time Weezer comes on something amazing happens in my life. I am my muse.
I have listened to way too much Radiohead
wrong website rivers
There’s a level lower than looking at memes of yourself and band on Reddit?
Girl you ain’t even take me out to dinner yet
I was just listening to the blue album all the way through a couple times and goodness gracious that shit is a masterpiece. Best pop album of all time. Even topping... https://t.co/92VFdamonW
getting more secure in my writing process
Can’t wait for my big break
I need an algorithm for dealing with rejection.
but who is swiping left on Rivers Cuomo
Being lame and listening to the song I worked on today in the car
I need help with lyrics
REMEMBER: no matter what you have done, Jack Black loves you
really starting to enjoy life now
there u are my meme king
You can't tell me how to live my life. You're not my real dad.
reaching out to andy ross for help with coding
deep talks with jake sinclair about songwriting
What is your designer 👩‍🎨 glasses 👓  preference? 🧐🤓  I see me in Calvin Klein 🤩
I'm totally stoked, they're doing a remake of Revenge of the Nerds.
dm me i can provide very unqualified life advice and be a hype dude
Hey students, join me at https://t.co/i5aH283U5W.  I'm going to sing a song.   email info@samharris.org to get the code for $15 tickets.
epic day of failed coding
Omg rivers you’ve finally made it
WEEZER MACHINE BROKE
What am i even doing here in Korea. I should be in Chicago right now.
i just watched you open the messages as I was typing that and i dont want you to think I was...  https://t.co/Hz1z60n0li
entering new level of mastery
I'm missing Kurt Cobain.
TFW you figure out how to use Watson services and products..
I'm always here for you ☺
I read a lot of these comments, I like this little weezer community we got going here
leo singing i'm still standing at karaoke
Gearing up for tour with the Pixies
guys my skyrim se keeps crashing after I installed some mods, I think it might be the rigmor of bruma mod, but idk what it conflicts with?
enjoying my life as a master
Bruh I'm just happy that @finnwolfhardofficial follows me too😂
those times of victory over carnality happen infrequently. However, when they do happen, it is truly golden.
Love it:  "Warren Buffett Once Told a 14-Year-Old Kid the Secret to Success in 1 Simple Sentence" https://t.co/75wqsUdTjX
when I reached adulthood, I did what thoughtful people do; I looked for a way that I might perhaps improve myself.
Rancho Park driving range
it’s a very common thing for one knight to topple another, and for the one who’s vanquished today to be the victor tomorrow.
live a madman, and die sane.
wow all this time and space
Hey @MickJagger, gauntlet thrown.
Should I offer a Songwriting Clinic at Musicians Institute?
I am a decent guitar player. Enough to get the job done. Remember the strengths of Weezer are being able to put everything together to create a great song. https://t.co/T7Yyj0S00F
cool solo shows coming up
singing out loud a ditty about “tamales” a few minutes ago
Doing a Joint one with @brendonurie sometime after he is done with this new album world tour cycle.
And here's my interview with Dan Harris, from 2016 https://t.co/BgLNa9UhbA
I'll be singing a song or two at this 'harris squared' event. https://t.co/snhB31euij
https://t.co/U7tmWh3IgR https://t.co/IpwN4B8QUl
enjoying my life as a master
just a choir nerd with a dream
Lol.... i got the drum sticks from a cover band
was on the receiving end of a particularly aggressive high five
frisbee with kyoko
It is as fitting for valiant hearts to endure misfortune as it is for them to rejoice in prosperity.
Open your eyes, my beloved country, and see that your son, Rivers, has come back to you.
I love her more than my eyelashes.
https://t.co/3vH3yRZPGB
Some of these are great! "Stop asking children these seven questions (and ask these instead)" https://t.co/8WvG5amdsj
Had my first facial today. kind of pointless with a beard but yeah
https://t.co/DVtkWb07WP
This is my passion I hope you can appreciate it.
The real Rivers has awakened
Is this tweet about Radiohead?
Stop reading my wikipedia
Found a producer for The Black Album?
I'm not sure I'm using Twitter properly.
Forgot to mention, guess who I saw in @AJRBrothers' dressing room? Jamie Young, the inspiration for the Weezer b-side, "Jamie". I guess she's their lawyer too! Good to see her after all these years. https://t.co/McR51y5HGm
Hey, maybe I'll be President one day ! #Rivers&amp;Patrick2020
Which way to Weezervile?
I've always had social anxiety that came from being bullied constantly. I never talked to... https://t.co/mPqHwJgQsx
I liked my periscope tonight... It was good to play "Medicine for Melancholy"  It's so lovely https://t.co/XhUO4lXCrQ
Good Morning... may your day be free Of winged monkeys...
After my set with @AJRBrothers, I went across the alley to see a few songs from #jackwhite at the Mayan. Of course, the first thing I did was whip out my phone to take some pictures of Jack. Woops! A fan kindly reminded me no phones at a Jack White show.
When you can’t find your own music
I have a drone that continuously orbits me &amp; my posse for supreme photo opps
I wish every band leader had an Instagram like mine
check your DM I sent you a Rivers Cuomo action figure
Elon Musk wants to know my location
I remember a while back they were performing this song for iHeart Radio and Jack was like, "Ladies and gentlemen Rivers Cuomo, (gestures to no one) just kidding, wouldn't that be cool!" And to see this gives me goosebumps because of their success. https://t.co/bzOA5a3Ji9
not getting bogged down in tech :)
can y'all seriously stop sleeping on weezer. seriously
all this time and space
pushed my abilities to the max and learned how to make an omelette
entering this new mack daddy phase
Commence album
I've had this thought for a while...does anyone else feel like I'm an underrated guitar player? I feel like I am.
You mean this isn’t an official meme account??
about to spit fire
Put me on your guest list forever?
let's geek out
Working on more pumpkins covers
"Yes and um, how does that make you feel?"   (i sit back, empty my pipe, begin to refill it).......
For some reason I’m happy when you’re happy
@casciencecenter can somebody get me in to see King Tut right now?
a super relaxed day ahead of me
thanks for not punching me in the face in my imagination
leo hiding privates with a leaf
I had to google inanity to make sure it was a word before I apologised for my constant inanity
unrelated: watching some guy do violin restoration and there was a one hundred year old piece of fluff inside it
Island on the sun on bbc radio 2... you've made it rivers
performed with @awolnation no biggie
I've been doing nothing but play weezer covers on kazoo recently
whose idea was it to make me so sensitive
Will yourself into studying by thinking this is what Rivers would want
How amazing that @sapinker shook my hand and said he's a big fan!
i love yall so damn much what the heck
Although all the attributes of God are equal, in our view mercy is more brilliant and splendid than justice.
I have two ferrets named abbot and Costello
ah yes a nice 6am tinder session to start the day
I've ascended to a new level of low
I'm writing a Jim Carrey concept album
Faking sick today cause I don't wanna
Do you have my charger
God endures the wicked, but not forever.
My ferrets' water froze in the bottle :(
Quick break in my day so I got naked
I mean honestly, if I wasn't married and you weren't in a relationship you would be getting all the nudes sorry if that's weird
My scopes are cool. Just wish you would interact more. I'd like to see you asking questions of me.
My body is ready.
I looked cute on the periscope
I post things I say so long ago that I forget I wrote them and think "man I relate to that"
You had me at lounging nude. 😊
I am uncomfortable
hip...hip...
go study for the SAT instead of watching every weezer performance
do u go “commando?”
I'm using this awesome app for lyrics/chords on stage at these solo shows: https://t.co/1paFAfJTPA
Can you be a roadie for Weezer this summer
What are me and Pete Wentz planning?!?!
Forever redefining the word "Sexy"
I find masturbating helps when you are up late regretting everything you did and reflecting on your own stupidity. Otherwise... https://t.co/peLinaVg2r
https://t.co/9J3XP6LQvY https://t.co/MS47QGMiXi
turns out I'm not actually repulsive
You were my sexual awakening
ajr x weezer tour soon please
I went to the future and brought back a copy of the black album lmk if you want spoilers
I'm doing the music for a movie!
Am I cool yet
I was at the gym today and Feels Like Summer came on the radio. It kicked me into beast mode.
Do I know anybody in Chicago?
Do you think that part of the reason for being a musician is to be liked and to be loved....?
hahaha I will forever be ecstatic that we walked into Hash Pipe for the wedding
Ordering through the Subway app
Thanks for a great show tonight! I see an acoustic solo tour in my future.
Me and Colbert look like twins these days. We should switch places for a day. It'd be fun.
how can I write songs? Lyrics first? Music First? Do they grow up along each other? What is the science to this art?
walking kids to school
whats crackalackin
setlists and show decisions
I want someone to look at me the way I look at Brian
Hahahahahahaha I'm the best frontman ever
peaceful fun travel
hehehehe there's a room full of loud drunken sounding "foo fighters" enthusiasts next door! i'm about to blast "white album." will keep u posted! https://t.co/farXfkmlBs
saying goodbye to kids this morning
Donald glover is turning me on jeeeezhuhhs The singing the acting the writing The talent
I do not wish to subject myself to the confused judgment of the presumptuous mob
life is getting peacefuller
why do I tweet like a teenager?
when writing songs ordinarily, do ideas just come or does it take focus and determination?
Stuck in traffic, please fake an injury and delay the start of the set by 20 mins. Thank you in advance.
Me and the GAWD Marvin share a birthday
is it a real crush? because elon is convinced we live in a simulation. maybe my feelings are just computer programming.
Most of the time I feel like this guy: https://t.co/1B2WdhN60P
I NEED MORE CONTEXT
Humanity, for all its flaws, is so incredibly beautiful. We make tiny burritos for hamsters and knit tiny hats for kittens...
@Miguel man, sky walker is so cool!
I can't believe how good @AJRBrothers  were last night.
hey how comes wikipedia says my birthday is june 13th i'm in a state of confusion
does this mean the black album won't be ready in may after all?
A Portland show would be amazing!!! I hope more cities pop up as people are showing extreme interest!
compliment a stranger
You may not like it, but this is the ideal band, this is what peak performance looks like
I love watching my wife watch TV.
Why do I look like Velma from Scooby Doo?!
A wise old owl sat in an oak.  The more he saw, the less he spoke.  The less he spoke, the more he heard.  Should we not be like that wise old bird? https://t.co/wBkW2VkRgr
I love the production on Medicine For Melancholy...https://t.co/GR7dAMBt6l it was done by @AJRBrothers . Thanks guys! Looking forward to your show at the Belasco tomorrow.
Vegetable Album confirmed
@samanthasb30 @DREAMERSjoinus ha awesome
That tree is too much
I feel like my career is really diversifying.
@TheChainsmokers You Owe Me is awesome!
I’ve reached maximum dad level
Kids spending the night away for the first time.... first night at home alone in 11 years!
I'm a legend
i cant wait to see you in july thank you for existing https://t.co/GR7dAMT4uV
I can hardly tell the difference between Weezer meme accounts and my official page. What a time to be alive
Friendzoned by a chihuahua
My new solo track Dropping tomorrow
i told the haircut lady that i wanted the "Rivers Cuomo" and she knew exactly what i meant
Can you let me know why I am currently hooked up to an OXYGEN TUBE RIGHT NOW WHAT IS GOING ON
Beyond stoked to sing a few songs at this event in Hollywood tonight. https://t.co/GXbILphVNh
I just had a business call and I am so awkward I just can't not be awkward
Would you identify yourself as a feminist
Why wasn't I in the Sober Up video?
The Key To Raising A Happy Child https://t.co/uqWZ5Pydpa
Just having a cry, no biggie
weezer made me paint my nails like a gurl
move the melancholy to laughter, increase the joy of the cheerful, not irritate the... https://t.co/bWXTdsvdQ4
We've almost completed the color wheel Only one album left to make
it is better to earn a living with the crowd than a reputation with the elite
holy sweat fest! boxing up all my clothing &amp; sending back to USA. nudity RULES!
do you like st vincent? she rocks
considering making music with @Lin_Manuel  I feel like the ballad we two would make will benefit all.
@suzyshinn Me :(
had a dream the hedgehog i met joined me in bed. not exactly the ultimate of bunk mates! pray ur day is bliss. headed out for coffee.
I'm INFJ what are you
I'm sorry I constantly have to relive the feelings from my 20s
@lovelytheband loving "broken", guys!
Today I started crying while masturbating and listening to the new angel olsen record; how's your weekend going?
“Stop that now and find strength in weakness, Sancho,”
I interact more with you than my actual real life friends
Zack De La Rocha needs to come back!!!!! We need him during this terrible political climate to use his words to help take the power back!
grateful for the fans who are being so supportive
I had a dream I was a working prostitute and it wasn't a bad dream. Should I be worried
Just spent 5 min looking for the sweatpants I was wearing.
I'd love to match with you on Tinder.
Hey LA! come to my big fat Weezer sing-along on Saturday. I'm going to play a bunch of classics and a handful of covers. Just me and an acoustic. And 350 of you crazy backup singers.   https://t.co/ZIGOBnbfZL
be a happy traveler
I thought I was tired of sex
Nah fam I transcend memes.
lounging nude, reading, listening 2 beloved songs of my youth &amp; truly in bliss. may do a few walk-abouts today, alas keeping it as low key as possible. https://t.co/uY6jdZZpFX
Can't hear you over the sound of my band touring around the world
I'm so confused what is going on why
Good Morning... What are your favorite weezer puns?
i love playing solo shows
Brendon, you’ve changed.
needs a snuggle buddy
getting super prepared for the show
@imtayadeway sometimes before, sometimes in the uber!
I'm glad to tag along with extroverts, like Brian. https://t.co/NOjlt388cO
I am the type of person to read family circus in the newspaper and show all my friends how hilarious it is
Glasses and dark hair doth not make a Rivers.
Want a Happier, More Fulfilling Life? 75-Year Harvard Study Says Focus on This 1 Thing https://t.co/uxPFyKpXIJ
I can be married and still be a meme lord.
Why do I always look like I'm nervous.
ping pong with kyoko
look at these dank maymays
This is pretty much what I sound like when I try to do anything fancy in ableton:  https://t.co/y9f7F57tdu
@bazzi incredible, man!
if the day ever comes when I tire of making music, being a meme page admin sounds like my other natural calling.
@rasofficial thank you!
i love black mirror
I heard happy hour on 92.3 yesterday and cried
i see zac efron
i woke up on time
I can’t handle these cute pics of me and Brian.
have u seen that meme of the monkey getting a haircut CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EDIT THAT INTO MY FACE thanks x
hanging w @TheAvalanches
Gold.... "20 SECRETS FROM THE WORLD’S MOST FREQUENT FLYERS" https://t.co/X0nyQis2J9
dang brian looking good
how do u cure a broken heart
I just got tickets and booked a hotel room since I'm 2 hours away. Super excited. FYI: Looks like the Comfort Inn is one of the cheaper hotels in the area. https://t.co/O1cgkxCG5n
where to start? dinner with dave and foos
Hey! I'm not a bot, by the way.
@JoyceManor click!
I'm playing a solo acoustic show in ​Avon, Colorado, on Monday! https://t.co/O1cgkxCG5n
Do I have to send you memes to get a response back from you
Stop that now and find strength in weakness, Sancho
I can't be the only one who has a FAT crush on Elon Musk
Can you love me
i can skype my family any time
Ive been waiting for boston 92.9 to play happy hour but they havent yet. Sad.
I saw Jay-Z in concert. Vic Mensa was the opening act. He played that one song I'm in. My vocals… https://t.co/4zzz8xLIpx
I like it when you say naughty things
I like this ...."Think You're Well Connected? Stop Fooling Yourself"  https://t.co/Djtjk8UKTA
do you know any bands that are looking for a bassist? i need people to jam with
True friends buy you Weezer merch amiright?
I intend to help you weep and lament to the best of my ability, for it is still a consolation in affliction to find someone who mourns with you.
Best friends with my AI
it's painful how much i relate to say it ain't so
Weezer's not a great fit for any of the Grammy categories. We're not exactly rock, pop, or alternative. If they made a new category, "Best Weezer Album of the Year", we'd probably win that.
tell brian to get a real haircut...
Are you really the weezer singer
Last night I jammed Detroit Rock City with the Foos.
sometimes I want to be in a kpop group but then I remember that I'm not Korean and can't sing… https://t.co/jJpZ9ejiuV
my girl is getting smoked out in LA and i'm stuck at Target cutting boxes at 5 am ):
Touring with the Foos!
I appreciate you on a molecular level
I'm glad to tag along with extroverts, like Brian.
Yes, I am an Aries Man, born on April 2nd! Naturally creative, bold, bossy in need of love and tenderness.
who or what ever IS on the other side of this screen will i ever know what IS real &amp; what is just in my mind? hmmmm.
Last night I was "open to the universe" and went to a fan's hotel room and discussed music.
Munchkins make life better....always!
What makes you beautiful
I love having the ability to record wherever i am.
I can't wait to visit the cathedrals in Europe especially Paris and England...oh and Spain too
Who is this guy named weezer
is music getting better?
My IG captions are the 2017 equivalent of the intro to Undone
Bring on the black album!!!!!!
Actually really enjoying watching TV
Why did you stop opening my snapchats
Dr.Cuomo in the house
La Brea Tar Pits with my son
Sitting here in our merch warehouse and wishin y'all the best. Happy Holidays!
@judahandthelion going to mars! heck yeah!!
that’ll do donkey, that’ll do
Learning Mah Jong
I look like a lesbian
And then I have an awkward silence with myself
Why do I look like those 3 year old boys whose parents dress them up like hipsters just to take pictures
HELLO, just wanted to say, Pacific Daydream is fantastic. I love it. It's fresh, catchy,… https://t.co/c731BJ0GZe
another day in winter paradise with an awesome family
Rivers in his natural habitat
We saw 2 deer at will rogers state park today.
my account has basically became a meme page
im so proud of my dad look at him go
We saw 'a star is born' with judy garland at the aero theater.
Needs more coconut
@ThePerezHilton If you ever want a deep dive, this is the meditation center I go to every year:  https://t.co/VFYJVlTyZS
SIRIUS hits 1 added 'sober up'
weezer puns = my favorite puns
troublemaker IS a bop and I'm weirdly hot in it
My wife's at meditation for 10 days so it's just me and the kids.
weezer history is so extensive I have no idea what anyone is talking about
I can rationalize my lack of tinder matches.
When will people stop using filters in real life ?? It's not hard to be real. It's not… https://t.co/xgbhYtv4Cz
Leo meditated with me tonight for 35 minutes.
How much money can justifiably be spent on dollhouse furniture? hate coming home to an empty house :( luv my advent calendar though
my friend said my career and band was a joke, what do I come back with
I wrote a script to block twitter, facebook etc on my computer except on Fridays between 12 and 6 pm.
most wonderful morning 2 u. yawn. would totally dig making granola w/ u sometime. pray ur day is deluxe &amp; stacked with delight. smooch.
I went jogging with my wife tonight.
Do u love me yet dad
squeeze you when or if you ever stop smiling. You deserve eternal happiness !
U were in my dream this morning. I got to hold your hand and spoon u. Not gonna lie it was awesome and felt so real.
I saw Kobe Bryant in the stands at the UCONN/UCLA women's basketball game.
saw a pigeon with one leg
Deep diving into Kelly Clarkson new album The vocals my god
I did my vocal exercises in a gondola tonight.
Just drinkin my second cup Dad listening to my weezer playlist as I game today
Stuff has a way of working out The issues I had all got mended over fun Sometimes ya gotta be… https://t.co/iBPmkVRhbR
*sips tea* ah nothing like relatable, out of context posts to get my day started
happy hour' is top 5 research in sacramento
Aight but are you ever gonna bring back the Weezer Snuggie
Goodnight my love. If you ever need anything, my phone is always beside me. Don't ever be shy &lt;3 anytime &lt;3 &lt;3
Got some killer floodlights in the backyard for night sports.
I've been really busy making great posts....
What's in your head ? Let it out. Frustration from suppression can make you shout. I'm always here if you need.
i'm feeling Rivers-ish today
https://t.co/UrMenpg4C5  Please love me papa I spent 4 hours making that
I wish there were monkeys in the trees outside.
I was broken up with in a text (from a 28 year old loser that I accidently dated) that said "I can't I need time away from it all"
Omg........I'm at Whole Foods market and they're playing happy hour!!!!!!!!!!
this album is going to kick ass, dude. We're going to get a lot of flack from some Purist Weezer… https://t.co/tfBneXlqSx
Sups
Gn everyone
stay blessed
Kyoko and I went to @dawallach &amp; Liz's for a fun salon-type talk with Tali Sharot of @affectivebrain https://t.co/FhOyVhU0bP
Hey there dad
baby  say something
@sanholobeats woah that's so cool! 😀
Grunge is cool again
@sanholobeats so dope, man
@ThePerezHilton @AJRBrothers my man
snaps or it didn't happen
pants free lifestyle
Narrowed the Black Album down to 15
I seriously love you guys
I played soccer for twelve years before I blew my knees out. I want to get back out there, maybe… https://t.co/bikpW5Iicq
About to see @wavves in NYC
When is orange coming out.
Stuck sleeping in the attic
Did a corn maze today.
How do you deal with stress?
@allihagendorf hey can I come visit you sometime?
My love for weezer will never die.
I just wanna vape with you man
Flying back home tomorrow! 1st class cuz I'm boujee like that
Can i be as amazing as you are.
Ran into @MiloVentimiglia at a burrito stand in Santa Monica
Hey just wanted to say, you've inspired me a lot papa Cuomo.
I wear a mask to hide my feelings
My mom yelled at me for eating croutons instead of "real food"
my guess is u r not real &amp; u r a bot that is in sync w/ my moods.
Why is my Instagram so strange https://t.co/Qv2xcjrAej
@jimtews awesome. my managers have the footage and they're probably out until the new year.
Got an e-bike
What are your aspirations in life?
i need an easy friend with an ear to lend i think you fit the shoe
@AliceMerton Great to meet you in Oakland. Love your music!
@WALKTHEMOONband You guys were so great at acoustic christmas. loved ONE FOOT with the dancing and the jacket.
How does your voice sound in your head
Come meet me in Santa Monica. I want to cuddle with my baby tonight.
up to anything wonderful this evening?
Tae Kwon Do birthday party
I know who I'm dressing up as for Halloween. Haha. #riverscuomo #weezer
Feliz dia to my mum. The MVP in my life.
yo fuck the haters happy hour bumps. loving the basslines on these singles
telekinetically massaging ur hands &amp; arms
my wife's sitting a 10-day meditation course https://t.co/qou0FPlXJV
Thanks for a beautiful day in Weezerville.
I need you to fulfill me the way you used to cause right now I'm weak and hollow
@TASHSULTANAA 'fucking up my zen' amen sister!
@jimtews I'm doing the green screen today. Where can I send?
After I lost weight and began to be more experimental with my look, people started to give me… https://t.co/IXbYuU7hpL
The neighbors are blasting Island in the Sun
Got some new singles out, would really appreciate a listen and to hear your thoughts! https://t.co/YmuTIIYx1P
I'm a beautiful person and all my fans agree
weekend @ home yay!
hey golden Rocker.your touch is magical --------&gt; even when u can't feel it......i seem 2
Okay. I'll leave you alone and do my work now
Has trump banned aggressively looking at weezer pics while masturbating or is that still okay?
Brainstorm:  Potential Middle Names Rivers Badass Cuomo Rivers Explosion Cuomo Rivers Weezer… https://t.co/NtXAZ6i0vU
I don't think there's a Weezer song I don't like
I wonder how much of what I say are my original thoughts or if they're just things people say to me
Reading Brave New World.
It took me so long to memorize thank god for girls
Do you ever eat the end pieces of the bread loaves?
I want 2 apologize if I was rude last night. I was just rly stressed out w/all the hate tweets. Hopefully we r still homies + can hang soon.
lets try Carlos Castaneda style connecting! i love u.
.@Lefsetz is so great.
Look how edgy I am.
Going to key west today First stop at Waffle House LOL
This is completely normal, right?
Let's hang before my set I have VIP Let's hang out mutha
I think Weezer should write the next muppet soundtrack.
My son said he loved me this morning and gave me a hug.
It's my birthdayy, you should wish me a happy birthday
Beach with the kids.
Dying my hair deep indigo black. Hope it turns out well
finished a new jam today.
Singing ABBA in a parked car is what I do best
Met @XAmbassadors tonight.
people keep asking if I'm wearing a wwf,wonder woman or Whataburger jacket but it's weezer. please help
Crazy e-bike tour of Paris.
Hi everyone. I'm at a really sketchy IHOP with no air conditioning
Does anybody have any cool ideas for a "Happy Hour" video? Here's the audio: https://t.co/avKJO9ISe3
Check out @BeaccchHoussse https://t.co/wVkTC2h0Lf
I showed you my meme please respond
yay, rehearsal got canceled.
Took my glasses off so I wouldn't look like a try hard
Sons &amp; Lovers is freaking sad.
Let's get this streak goin
Developing a sick setlist algorithm.
ISLAND IN THE SUN AT GSTAGE. IM HALF NAKED AND JAMMIN
I'm excited that today is the 21st anniversary of pinkerton but not as excited as I am to listen to Pacific Daydream
I should have texted Dave Grohl myself.
Going to read some Kant and get on tinder.
Weezer is the greatest band of all time.
Can you please agree that the shitposts on r/Weezer have gone too far? Thanks
@SGS711 said I "left it all out there" tonight.
Snappin every once in a while til you open one lol
You have a fetish for my love :*
Finally read Lord Of The Flies. The end is so great!
What's cooking good looking
Proud to be speaking to my sis-in-law entirely in Japanese.
Everyone in Reddit hates me because I love make believe :/ I keep getting downweezed whenever i try to defend it
Went to the Modern Art Museum in Cologne with the guys today.
If you could be an animal for one day what animal would you be
It's great to have my sister-in-law staying with us from Japan.
I love all members of Weezer equally
These European crowds are moshing, crowd-surfing, singing along like crazy
Do you want to join my religion?
Taking the @udemy pythonmegacourse https://t.co/g2l5Sqnizp
Finally getting the roots dyed on Saturday.  Hurrican messed up my schedule.
thank u apple tree for dropping me an apple after my jacuzzi &amp; where i could easily pick it up. u rock.
streaks!  love you dad
In SIlver Lake in my new apartment, scared as shit, what did I do? Did I do the right thing? I'm having second thoughts
I'm so not high
i'm sick of working 4 the man
Should I tell one of my best friends that I'm in love with her? I don't want to ruin a friendship
Don't let your dog play with your Weezer tix!
in algorithms we trust
Anything cool going on in Belgium on 10/18 (during the day) and/or Paris on 10/20?
therealcalebmclaughlin @GatenM123 @FinnSkata @noah_schnapp https://t.co/d11sr7yAHa
Kyoko and I saw Kubrick's 2001 at #AeroTheater on Montana Ave.
I sent an extremely mediocre, poorly lit, shaky snap and you're just gonna let it expire...
Dug Life 3.0 by Max @Tegmark, a pretty accessible look at the coming AI revolution. https://t.co/j6czHFdbYT
You getting your Chocolate on today?
Confirmed the FooFighters/Weezer Australia tour today.
We'll stop complaining I promise please dad please
Golfing with @damiankulash
Okay okay. I'll stop sending you snaps.
Kyoko's finally coming around to The Omnivore's Dilemma, by @michaelpollan
Saved a baby Sparrow today.  I love that helping my animals is my calling.  Since I can remember… https://t.co/7wxKcFE1Nr
up to anything wonderful this evening?
Rad to watch @AJRBrothers at Music Midtown festival today. Their fans are amazing!
telekinetically massaging ur hands &amp; arms
Studying the hooks on Spotify's Today's Top Hits playlist.
doing my roots &amp; strumming watcha up 2? hope it's smiling.
Feels Like Summer is #1 at alt radio.
I'm like your band dad
Playing soccer with Leo and the other kids at his school.
Do I actually exist though?
Fun time with the guys.
I LOVE YOU GUYS
I keep a detailed record of the side effects of medications.
powers out on my block and the neighbors are still managing to blast Buddy Holly !
Solved cs50 pset5 Unload.
Dad Cuomo Chronicles continue
We debuted Mexican Fender tonight. https://t.co/GbO4TLfVeq
Thanks for opening my snap dad
Pre-show hang with the band.
Cant talk. The old Rivers is dead
Went to the Old Globe Shakespeare and golf in San Diego before our performance at Kaaboo.
I'd be down with a Weezer/Chance the Rapper collaboration.
Good stuff for introverts https://t.co/JD1JkpIWlo
The way I say "Fuck yeah this place is great" in I Love The USA make me love America and feel… https://t.co/Q4EaGKozbO
It fascinates me how I write music because it is a surprising change of character almost. I feel so different.
I could reply to 5 people a day and it would take about a minute in total
At this point I'm making a conscious decision to not reply to any of my fan's snapchats, bruh
Do you think Trump would buy a Mexican Fender
I hate peeing in unfamiliar restrooms
I'm also a fucking rocker
I'm not even attractive I'm just good with words
Made a breakthrough in my @cs50 pset5 Load function.
i wonder if you remember me
Havin' a blast with the Weezer guys.
smile &amp; morning drink clink.
I love Leo's running hugs.
start a streak with me
Mia built a spaceship at this amazing tinker camp! @reDiscoverCtr
Does it ever hurt to be loved by a million people?
Let out the truth in a lyric.
I have a nintendo 64.
Kyoko and I loved FOOD EVOLUTION https://t.co/0F1ElHZ7zo Thanks to @@dawallach for the special screening!
I'm too weak to fight these memes anymore.
Kyoko and I golfed at Penmar for date night last night.
We can have a sleepover and paint our nails and watch scary movies
We solved the case of the missing apostrophes in our google sheets. Apparently there are at least 2 different kinds of apostrophes.
https://t.co/fBpSA8b0ft https://t.co/Hpid3yNQ9e
Good to see my parents again.
take a vacation u deserve it
Come hang with me and my dog
You guys know anything about "batching" tasks?
Make a self care routine and watch a funny show like comedy bang bang
Brian told the funniest story about @liamgallagher charging his hotel breakfast to him.
I have Ramen noodles and guitars come jam with me
I got a new bed.
morning "hi" from my delightfully cozy nest
I miss being able to be comforted by my family
I'm officially a @PADI certified open water diver.
In case you were wondering I'm still dating my weed dealer. Been over a year now so this phase is more of a way of being
I went to a luau and umm...wow
Turned in 350+ demos
Our scuba instructor is incredibly dope https://t.co/f63Fgo3IrN. And he's pretty fluent in Japanese.
People keep asking me, "How do you maintain that insane bod, BRO?" The answer? LATENIGHTFRIES#
Golf was crazy fun.
morning hi's &amp; a ghost snuggle.
A tree fell in the road today and a bunch of bros with hatchets got out and chopped it up.
vinyl + my favorite band = see ya
Driving around Kauai with my two best friends.
Hour 5 with my mom and I'm about to POP OFF
Meditating on the beach by my kids as they build a sandcastle.
the girl at the beach snack shack was definitely flirting with me.
I'm digging this show-up-just-in-time-for-the-show thing rather than hanging at the venue all day long.
im feeling pinkerton-ish
I saw @foxygentheband today. So cool.
i don't know what's going on in your world but I AM always here for you if you need support. Keep rocking babe. You're terrific.
Almost met @kelly_clarkson today.
When I saw someone fly a drone over, I knew it was time to get out of the pool. Not getting creepily filmed today by random perverts.
Doing exposure therapy with my daughter who has a severe allergy to peanuts. Today she ate 80mg of peanut powder. Crazy.
Do you ever use adult coloring books?
Ahh...Love a good @sapinker book. Currently reading "The Sense of Style" https://t.co/n5chh7WWiD
i enjoy showering to the "white album"
Universal Studios today.
u r human treasure don't ever forget
Doing Legos with my son. He's so calm and patient.
I know this is super last minute, but if anyone wants to see Ed Sheeran tonight at 7:30, I have 2 tickets willing to give away
I'm super excited about this new scheduling app @SkedPal
hey fam
Trying out this @ouraring
Are you a fan of the band 'Weezer'?
Matt Schultz from @CageTheElephant sang "Island In The Sun" with us tonight.
Just hangin with my cat in my Best Coast t-shirt
We dig @CoralTreeCafe on San Vicente.
Just realized the lady at target never charged me for the shorts I bought. Should I feel bad? Y/N
Total focus and no emotion.
you're not my dad
Saw a great production of Shakespeare's "Measure for Measure" free at Griffith Park last night https://t.co/ntFQmWKPuj
----when u realize no one really cares, there's a magnificent freedom there.
Biking to the promenade for ice cream.
"ghost hug" (can't feel it but it's there)
Another peaceful day at home.
Trump's a nutter
Should I start golfing?
ty 4 the tingles
Step up your game Rivers
Amazing @SamHarrisOrg binge. https://t.co/sz1lwFBtR9
I want to go to the beach but sting-rays freak me out.
Should I learn how to scuba dive?
God damn I love @Lorde 's new album
Should I go to @Metallica ?
Despicable Me giving me all the feels
The C language coding exercises by @PankajPrakashh are amazingly helpful. Thank you! https://t.co/fGuXrkrPzH
Visiting the spouse at work
Enjoying #TheDefiantOnes about @drdre and Jimmy Iovine. thanks for the recommendation @patrick_wilson
I am enjoying performing so much.
I hate people who say lit
. @Lorde 's new album is LIT
I'm so bored
Our bed caved in in the middle so we keep smashing into each other in the middle of the night.
send nudes
Just saw the Monterrey Pop Fest movie. Ravi Shankar was amazing!
At Bob Dylan
. @thegreatkhalid put on a great show at the Santa Monica pier. The pier was bouncing up and down.
Let's have some good clean fun this Summer.
Playing Uno with my family.
Went to kmart today
Nothing but posi vibes in the dressing room.
I'm like the coolest white dad out there btw
Working on my C programming, alone in @Starbucks
I'M A HOT DAD
Stripping wallpaper with daughter and grandpa in their house next door.
Daily reminder that u are very special to me and I love u very much
Thank goodness @guidedbyrecords signed weezer to geffen back in '93 when no other major labels would.
Hey Avery. Give me a call when you get a chance. Thank. https://t.co/yao0ixV60z
do you wanna go paintballing tomorrow
This lady is so fun to talk to: @janicemin
Weezer does me the feelings
Sketching out a Japan tour.
Sad
And saf
I miss you
Dad. It's my birthday
Hike this morning in Temescal Canyon.
Papa bless
Made a latte for K.
Same with my insta posts
My snaps are so weird dawg
Life doesn't make sense without you.
“No. I haven’t any anaesthetic,” his father said. “But her screams are not important. I don’t hear them because they are not important.”
an insightful cartoon about the division of chores: https://t.co/BMsEyGimkI
As of Sunday it will be the longest amount of time I haven't kisssed someone since tenth grade
I braved the hellhole that is hot topic looking for Weezer merch and u know what.  There was… https://t.co/T66yYAvFC9
Thanks to all the algorithms that have supported Weezer in the last few months.
Bro-ing down with @bgedelman
Celine making me cry
Am I Hillary duff? Or just a girl who hasn't moved from her bed since 3 pm?
thanks for a lovely day in Weezerville.
Lunch with @jdloveless, @SamHarrisOrg, @dawallach .
Blowing kisses your way while I head to help out a friend's cat with her medicine.
I am grateful for these months of writing at home.
Resting beach face
turned in 13+ demos
My advice for today is NEVER apologize for your feelings.
about to be huge
u r loved. u r treasured. I am here 4 u anytime of the day or night.
It's summer and all of my friends are out doing things and I haven't done anything at all. I'm… https://t.co/X9GIDnbu6x
getting some sun
I'm rly feeling myself rn
Making a hugely important album.
Teen witch vibes tonight
Backyard baseball with @SamHarrisOrg and family.
I just heard Feels Like Summer on DC101, a regular radio station!
.@TeslaMotors autopilot is pretty great.
Dad-core
It was amazing to work with @RickRubin.
what's your thoughts on Chance the Rapper
Went swimming in the rain.
Guitar Wizards assemble
Studying Kanye's music.
we are naming our son Rivers
Monopoly with the kids.
would u kiss brian for ten dollars
Ready to pair
Why am I my own biggest fan
It's summer and all of my friends are out doing things and I haven't done anything at all. I'm… https://t.co/X9GIDnbu6x
Met @tylerrjoseph yesterday and got his iphone password.
Happy Birthday to 🎂 Scott @sgs711! https://t.co/2KeLeKb9Fy
Would you be mad if I got a Pinkerton themed tattoo?
You complete my world.
I love people watching.
i don't know if you ever check your Facebook messages but I sent you one
Met a lot of bands today: @FitzOfficial, @MissioMusic, @jimmyeatworld
Don't ever change.
Another big chunk of @cs50 pset5 done.
Rocking new Sleater Kinney for snow day
Reconnecting with Kyoko and the kids
Thanks for being my bestie.
Kyoko sent me lots of pics of the kids today. Really cheered me up.
Met @toddrundgren at @FallonTonight backstage today.
Please don't ever be shy with me. You never need to hide any side of yourself when it comes to me. I am Mother Nature.
Bro'd down with @patrick_wilson and @sgs711 today.
kermit gets more action than me
. @andrewmcmahon flew with us after the show last night. Show was epic. Ibiza cover was okay.
Nice meeting @DREAMERSjoinus today before the show
the Weezer rave is in exactly 6 days and I can't handle the excitement
I am stoked about my performance
We need more guests for our pool party
Reading to Leo before I left for tour this morning.
killer private plane
what an amazing life
Ive got Ace Frehley
Decent uber ride
Trampoline with Leo
I'm convinced my twitter is a bot, or that I'm a bot, or that I'm Kurt cobain.
please get my brother @NYGovCuomo to fix the trains
Self-diagnosed my wrist injury today.
Who sells gluten free donuts because I need one.
Played soccer with Mia in the backyard this morning before school.
I accidentally packed my lighting strap in my laptop bag
Good news about FLS. 35 Alt Itunes and entered the Alt 18 chart @altnation
Seeing the 1975 at msg!!!
Got my S8 set up completely today.
I nominate you as my second Dad
Great session with our couples therapist today. Managed to talk about how lost I am when I come home from tour.
I have a question. If you could release Songs from the Black Hole, would you? I've been jamming… https://t.co/BIxLIiDlZd
I am WOKE
Brian's great.
are you just reading these because you're part of the CIA?
Polishing our "Hey Ya" cover.
Good to see my parents at family dinner.
Every song punches me in the heart
Watched "After Hours" at the Aero Theater for date night. Hilarious.
@thegreatkhalid I'll be there!
Kyoko's working on a Hawaii vacation for the family.
Can I be less ugly pls
Mia didn't have too much homework today.
You are so interesting
Soccer with Leo.
Bush did 9/11
I am always a source of light, serenity and peace. In your darkest time, please find me. I will always be right here.
Met @davidjmalan today and showed him my database of lyrics.
Triumphant return to the @harvardlampoon
don't forget to buy your Star Wars ticket dude
Met @diplo tonight at the @harvardlampoon afterparty. Watched his set up close--he's so concentrated.
that cover of @postmalone on my insta was tight
I'm totally capable of having fun on tour.
Target acquired.
My mom says hi
Great memories of my time at Harvard. So glad I got in.
I need help with my homework.
Actually tried coding pset5 today @cs50
My kids are chilling by the pool
Kiss me I'm Asian
@edzitron congrats!
Scootering to Annenberg Beach House with Leo
So happy with life on the road
No one says "fleek" anymore dad
Shaving @scottallister 's leg beard.  足髭を剃ります。 https://t.co/QAksZYEQK6
getting stuff done on the flight
Gettin hi (biscus)
Our a&amp;r team kicks ass @jdloveless @EvanT
hmu if you like big booty white boys
These kids and their damn technology
Today I'm going to get out and look around.
Listening to some serious Weezer atm
@spizzyspose that'd be a fun project
Leo walked with me to the beach.
watching my gators
another heart break week in trump nation
Taking a cold hard look @ my goals
New lewk
@Vampirelinguist @mysonabsalom marking stresses in a database of lyrics
making a vid for FLS
Anyone know a good computational linguist?
meditation every damn day
Kyoko in a kimono @ the Grammys
everything about el scorcho by weezer is hilariously amazing
비빔밥
don't answer your fans because you give a mouse a cookie AND WHAT DO YOU GET?
@SamHarrisOrg lol https://t.co/MboMP65APC
@llkuhljay I took the aspie quiz and scored a 25: https://t.co/PMbEi3460S
I am a great socializer.
MFW you replay boobsnap
@MarinNBCLA Pasta Primavera, while dealing with girl scout camping trip emergency on the phone
Starting to understand @TH6TV dialogue better.
All i felt was the music
Today I pretty much did everything on my task list.
good job on the new song drake
Playing soccer with kids.
Going on a fun adventure date.
Looks like they're going to let me enroll in 5th grade with my daughter--which is crazy because it's an all-girls school.
I'm not sure @Weezer and @RiversCuomo get enough credit for dropping a Kitty Pryde and Nightcrawler reference on the Blue Album.
Tuning into the trust meeting of the local meditation center via teleconference. https://t.co/CuvVsk1Avm
I love you, man. But we can't be together.
Kyoko made some comments on my new demos today.
just a nobody looking for some feedback on his feelings.would be cool to hear back. https://t.co/dJ0aaVCTlS
On tour without my family--gives me a different perspective on things.
I'm in Japan right now and saw this print for sale...but it is 2,450,000 yen!  so I bought the… https://t.co/Z3PJN50oiP
Needs a Vegas trippppppppppp
I am a real problem solver.
Thoughts on new Weezer song?
Having some 1 on 1 time with Kyoko.
I can never tell how much of my twitter is performance art weirdness and how much is just me.
Zaddy af
I sang pretty well at the @SNRDOOWOP session in spite of a long Weezer rehearsal.
Listening to the White album
Had a nice Uber ride home.
Let's go for dinner...
Reading Berenstain Bears.
How are you getting your hair cut?
Amazing soup at T's Thai: https://t.co/QURs1XZ5Em
WAIT BITCH U DONT EVEN LIVE IN CALIFORNIA
Assistant not amused by all the ketchup smiley faces I made on these plates.
My god, I love you
Guess which Weezer member? https://t.co/jnlUE7jkb3
It's Uncle Rivers.
Kirin Free is my jam: https://t.co/M7FHVzCuRH
I'm in a Japanese commercial:  https://t.co/3GvLaAa1Qe
Early to bed.
Faded lens on fleek
If you've got it, flaunt it
@DrJaninaRamirez I can help with that.
@DrJaninaRamirez also, in what context was CNN Granada playing Weezer?
@DrJaninaRamirez awesome, I hope to meet you at our Wembley show.
White Album producer @JakeSinclair is awesome
@PostMalone @stereogum you're the best!
Put some sunnies on sweetie
My manager's trying to find a position for me at his company--sans pay, of course, but it'll be a good experience.
Sneaking in some Carly Rae before work
I can't believe how good @SamHarrisOrg podcast is. It keeps getting better. https://t.co/sz1lwFjSsz
Congratulations @postmalone https://t.co/jUXfquaOfT
Andre, you did it again! https://t.co/4HuhY56ZN1
Singing along to the new @falloutboy in my best falsetto.
Just took my dad out to dinner, no worries
Kyoko and I just served 3 days at the meditation center, cooking and cleaning... Beautiful experience. https://t.co/CuvVskjbmU
Just heard Tired Of Sex by @Weezer on @SIRIUSXM #lithium and it was ahmazing #pinkerton
my hairs gonna be pink tomorrow. i'll update you
time to start playing the weezer christmas album
Shorter day of press today. Got 2 walks in.
Bike-riding in Yoyogi
The movers crushed the left side of my piano--pushed it in like it was an accordion.
thanks for shaping my adolescence.
Trying to console a station attendant who fell asleep while a small plane owner snuck up, stole some gas, and then crashed his plane.
hung out w/ a girl i met on Twitter who said I was w big deal in 2012
holding hands w/Yuki bye bye
Both  @patrick_wilson and I are considering *maybe* taking this dance movement therapy class.
i fuckrd up my face i'll snapchat it pls tell me how gnarly it truly is
Weezer is life
I was able to help my wife's friends recover their wi-fi password today and I felt really good about it.
It's hard to tell if I'm trolling, doing research for songs, or if I'm actually coming unhinged.
I sent you an important snapchat
@MrCISCOADLER def a paradox account!
She was so mean.  That's Connecticut for you.
We stopped on the side of the road and I opened up a soygurt but before I had a chance to start eating it, a policewoman gave us a ticket.
Main stage at the grammys. https://t.co/9N6pqOD9wf
I accidentally let myself into my massage therapist's house and got undressed on the wrong day.
weezer will always be my go to
"Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable" ~ Banksy
Wow, they have mindfulness classes at this Marine base.
Got to gym and they're playing WEEZER I AM SO HAPPY
You are on the right path for surprise victories.
Luggage tag https://t.co/a4bvzJkuLi
aren't you married ? I thought you were married
Some random dude just came up and hugged me but he looked exactly like  @steveaoki so I figured it was okay.
I'm glad @ScottAllister chided me a bit for not trying harder with my Japanese.
@MrCISCOADLER lol so awesome
Do you want to start a band with me?
There's a passport and some other things under the car so don't back up yet.
Give me song suggestions I should learn on guitar pleaseee
Enjoying Japan with the family.
Say it ain't so..
Dad, is that you?
Morning pizza.
Holly
Hey Buddy
Tossing two footballs at once with Justin Fisher
Saying goodbye to kids.
So happy to be in Japan.
Bus driver did a good job last night with the snow and the fog.
Finally starting to #FeelLikeSummer in Ireland
Do you have one of those veggie spiralizers? So worth the kitchen space.
Ready to go home and take a nap
please rate me out of 10
Dad
Pat and Scott do not approve of such behavior.
Sending files to @AJRBrothers
Loving life on the road!
We saw the Aurora Borealis just before bed. The bus driver stopped the bus and told us to go outside and look up at the sky.
When I look in the mirror #TheGoodLife https://t.co/D0niGckE7E
He told me it was cool, not to worry. And he didn't write me a ticket.
I was fine with that but when I said, "I don't know if I can promise to never do it again," I started crying.
Immediately a ranger appeared and told me he had to write me up a ticket for a hundred dollars.
At the campground a young homeless man asked for some money so I gave him a 10 dollar bill.
reply n tell me you love me ilysm
Chill time w/fam, nice to get outdoors
@hellosarahurie @Weezer Gosh....thanks a lot!!
@lukeoneil47 Totally ignorant of even the biggest rock bands because she's a nerdy orchestral girl 😍
I had too much crack today
Hey chicks
Leo ran and hugged me after the show.
being such a dad
reppin
I'm supposed to code a page in HTML but I have no idea how to code HTML.
Me and @scottallister on stage last night with Chris Martin and @coldplay at the Tokyo Dome. https://t.co/tb0vCFltK3
are you proud of me
I just had to get completely naked in front of a model.
Reading @harari_yuval 's latest #HomoDeus.
I look like an anime character
I saw a man who had jumped to his death wearing the exact same shirt I bought a few days earlier.
When is Blalbum out
Do you think Hurley listens to @Weezer
*hug*
My daughter's collection https://t.co/xjMbYZlUQJ
But the real question is why am I so attracted to you?
@mark_mcgrath Thanks Same to you! You might be surprised how many times "Sugar Ray" has come up in my music-making conversations as a point of reference.
@SkrizzlyAdams now I'm curious! can you give me a hint?
My share of the pre-show playlist is mostly rap and post-show is mostly @BobMarley.
We started 2 collaborative @Spotify playlists for the dressing room: pre-show and post-show.
Together let's make @Snapchat great again
It's daddy season
I can't finish these pretzels
Got my heel chomped in a game of Hungry Hungry Hippos.
Family soccer backstage.
I want to start getting out of my dressing room more.
In love with my audience
The last time I stole something I was 11 and it was a box of gobstoppers.
Did 16 minutes on a #LifeCycle
Then 2 or 3 dudes behind me started singing #SayItAin'tSo!  So glad I wasn't crazy and inventing that I heard it
It was so bizarre because @MattBellamy was fiddling with the guitar and I thought, "Wtf, that sounds like @Weezer."
I was at @Muse and they teased #SayItAin'tSo and #Undone
Saw some of Winnipeg
Mia just said "Daddy!" and waved from her bunk.
#FeelsLikeSummer https://t.co/pBTmMaFvDe
Five fucking dollars for three ounces of seaweed
The Japanese press likes to make us compete against each other. https://t.co/7CVWXtoqe1
Here's a taste of Scott&amp;Rivers duet with Miwa. https://t.co/8ogAy7Cdy9
Have fun, enjoy life, tour
wish my beard connected to my sideburns
@mark_mcgrath I gotta get off my butt and write a "Mark" :)
My favorite jam of the week @G4SHI - Disrespectful https://t.co/vh7x4TXI7U
Kyoko is so supportive and my kids are so sweet.
you have my whole heart and soul
Our new puppy, #Kuma.  On my wife's foot. #dog https://t.co/G0Q3UsmudC
@DustinAddis reported good radio progress
@rasofficial lol
@hollytheisen @mcsweeneys lol
So was Joseph not a virgin?
a relaxing game of 2x4 jenga with the lads
Ayo send me some stupid stuff
@KFlay texted me back
MY BODY IS READY
I'm the next @LiamGallagher
19 Santas were murdered across Europe
My wife lets me fly in biz while she's back in coach with the kids.
Find someone who sleeps as late as you do
my manager's been having some trouble with his artificial dog so i'm in in the unusual position of giving him some advice
Backup plan: work as a @Univision weather girl
Heading out to procure some nourishment.
There was a black cat in our house when we came home tonight
#ThankGodforGirls came on at my gym (it's all women) and I couldn't help but squeal a bit. My trainer thought I hurt myself.
Putting out a song soon!
Playing #Sorry! with the whole family
I love that you actually open my snaps even though I send you stupid stuff
Need more guests for our pizza pool party
#BeverlyHills that's where I want to be
Trampoline with both kids at night
Keep making great music @RiversCuomo
Stand up desk installed
I was wondering if you ever visit reddit/r/weezer I'm just kind of curious
If you had to fight one member from @GreenDay who would it be
.@PanicAtTheDisco last night at the forum. @brendonurie is superhuman
emo rap
practice makes perfect
Another full night's sleep. Who am I?
photoshoot today
Just woke up from a really deep nap
Come over and build sand castles with me
Next time we'll rehearse somewhere besides the Thom Thom club.
I'm improving my social media system.
getting paid to do nothing
I'd love some real coffee.
Can you feel it when I think about you
Reading A Man Called Ove https://t.co/EILzzQItW4
Weezer til i die
Mia said our time together at dinner was one of her favorite parts of the day.
Got a producer for California Snow
Do you want to see pictures of my dog?
I hope that the new album kicks some ass
The pilates lady was all over me today.
nice job! https://t.co/x3Xk3r8TL5
Let the birthday shenanigans begin
So yeah the song got leaked
I'm so happy with everything.
Do you use spotify?
I had a ton of time to work today. Made big progress.
Your breath is connected to your emotions.
Super excited for tomorrow
Finding a balance between productivity and burnout
Dolled up for my interview
Anyone know a dentist who will remove a small piece of my tooth that lodged in a cut in my finger and then healed over?
Hell yea Rivers
@danozzi Cool to hear you on NYT popcast!
the most talented people i can think of who don't get enough recognition are nail technicians.
I'm an introvert who loves to socialize.
Whenever I get lonely I think about the fact that @charli_xcx sang all over my microphone.
*explodes into millions of =w=s*
@RiversCuomo Actually, scratch that....Weezer are coming to Wembley! Tickets on sale this week
SXSW https://t.co/BWGsA6X4gl
The music scene has changed so much.
adopt me
I had to fight off some vampire bats with two daggers. It was very difficult to see them in the dark. You have to cut off their mouths.
Finished my Japanese flashcards early
You just got to be an artist and do what makes you happy.
https://t.co/HR9d5hKIC2
https://t.co/45VvuMzabe
Let's flirt4fun
solo dance :)  https://t.co/BL7J7aUisB
Men's and women's lacrosse teams running by us on the field. Perfectly constructed bodies. Jealous again.
I am having an amazing hair day!
I turned in 13 + demos today
Damn you really know how to leave a girl hangin
predicting weezer to be the secret act at reading. i'm feeling it.
Fans be like so jealous of me right now :)
I love the U. S. of L. A.
I spoke tons of Japanese with Kyoko today
the lurkers are going home
Watching Uconn Women's documentary with Mia and Grandpa. @LievSchreiber
@myspacetom @scottallister @SNRDOOWOP Hey Tom, just sent you the new single:)
@KingBabyDuckESH @scottallister Where did you hear it?
a bug flew in my mouth last night at the beginning of el scorcho
can i teach you how to unicycle
disc golf w/kids
Does anyone have any laurels i can rest on?
I went to a dope symposium on meditation in schools today with @dianawinston @susankgreenland https://t.co/h7Bl6HkBIT
Chilling in your honor
California Snow verse was cool
are you going to coachella
Bike ride w K to Main St in the rain
Made it through psychoanalysis OK
Hit me with that hot line bling
If you know the song teenage dirt bag by weezer snapchat me rivers.cuomo
@RiversCuomo My Kindle Oasis arrived today.
Eating a spoonful of tahini. Reading The Shack.
@ParkerMolloy boo
@grok_ is it possible to get one of those dinosaurs? My 5-year-old is crazy about dinosaurs.
@grok_ you were dope on @SamHarrisOrg
@Haileebrower I suppose you've tried @khanacademy , right? I love them. I'm halfway through Algebra 1.
@mrtuzz7 That would be awesome.
@Haileebrower I'll try. I love math.
These are my favorite guided meditations for kids: https://t.co/e9bdiIoNXQ
bandlyfe
though my mom said if they're a rock band they should be called "Free The Elephants"
@spizzyspose @goSwaeLee that would be so dope!
@spizzyspose @papacthulu @goSwaeLee no doubt! here's my cover https://t.co/NdBbKaFn17
Congrats to @CageTheElephant for winning Best Rock Album #GRAMMYs
Main stage at the grammys. https://t.co/9N6pqOD9wf
Finishing up "Scott &amp; Rivers" 2nd full album with Mr. @scottallister ! スコリバの2枚目のアルバムはいい感じになってるよ！ - 髭ツインズより。@SNRDOOWOP https://t.co/UPEnt4la0k
@BecomingDataSci as well as meter, rhyme, and syllable count
@BecomingDataSci that would be very helpful. I've already got tags for "relational", "political", "not alternative", "imagery"
@DrJaninaRamirez you're the best!
@RAC sounds dope! Thanks!
https://t.co/ddYRHylIbD
@TheChainsmokers ballin'
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @VP bro
working on my cars
@dawallach @AnnakaHarris @danbharris @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @MichelleObama beautiful!
@cduhigg What do u make of records like TEEN SPIRIT that sounded totally different yet (I think) had immediately positive research?
@cduhigg Interesting re:HEY YA in HABITS!
my depression is cured my skin clear  https://t.co/MOU5MdVspv with @JohnFeldy and @travisbarker
Thanks to @RecordingAcademy for the Best Rock Album nomination. We're all very excited.
@CherrieT https://t.co/2E7DeKbD0P
Weren't @Oasis and @Weezer going to tour together back in 2009? https://t.co/8wtXFM95Do
ur too young to be unhappy https://t.co/20Rd47yZJH
love Liam and Noel...
Learning about "clean" meat with @dawallach and umavaleti from https://t.co/ELZU5FuPCV https://t.co/LORPnhLzOe
Cuomo estas?
What did your father teach you?
🌊
#goals https://t.co/OptbLaODpM
Luggage tag https://t.co/a4bvzJkuLi
no fumo marihuana papaaaaaa
Suh dude
I'm peeing. https://t.co/UK7tF0WaE7
My @ccacomics students all chipped in and got me this awesome @Weezer watch. Thanks, gang! https://t.co/59Z9UEOTKu
@drewmcnulty12 yes
@RiversCuomo I will not goooo
say it ain't soooooo
@vinylqueen ok
Thank you so much for celebrating love with us tonight Mansfield; tonight was super special 💛 https://t.co/5l20uamJl5
@RiversCuomo we're open til 3am so I'll be there after the show tonight, if your still heading north tonight.
Hey I totally forgot who was asking me today but the bar I run is Stosh's in fairlawn at 18-15 maple ave,
Hey, I explained the I LOVE THE USA lyrics on genius:  https://t.co/5o8xrXW3IG
@RiversCuomo Forty guys in the backstage lot every night after the show playing bean bag toss.
This is a very dude heavy tour.
@SirGentlemanB i loved hearing him on Fresh Air with terry gross
@SirGentlemanB "sixth extinction" and "sapiens"
@amazonecho had to bring her on tour with me this summer &lt;3 https://t.co/ByHlkr8foh
Panic cover https://t.co/JsKra0njmZ
@mollysoda "reliable" isn't the sexiest adjective but no one ever compliments my guitar playing so I'll take it!
@TedStryker @EmpireOfTheSun ha, yeah I love those guys so much!
@qz @BillGates I second SAPIENS.
Just finished my first encryption program for @cs50 . Can anyone decrypt my message: "Zl anzr vf Fyvz Funql"
@BestMusicLyric hold
@YoomePark why did you delete?
I'm losing my ability to talk.
Do you respond to snapchats?
within a dull, stale, tirèd bed Go to th' creating a whole tribe of fops Got ’tween a sleep and wake
Behind the scenes look at my songwriting process https://t.co/Wv3jCRln0w
@CherrieT @Weezer @theTroubadour I wish I had your stage presence!
It should take three people to make a baby.
@worst_casey okay, i'll be up there on sunday afternoon
@GoogleTrends @JohnKasich wow that's super interesting.
@LATheatreWorks awesome AS YOU LIKE IT yesterday!
You are my actual dad.
@diplo I got weezer acapellas every time I open my mouth
Home sweet home @ Santa Monica - LA - California https://t.co/4PKTUrlMKn
Snow-hiking today with my wife and Brian.
@LuxAlptraum lose a friend, gain a friend
I'm at jumbos clown room and a girl is dancing to say it ain't so and I wish I could record it and send it to you
@ventragemalen Quomo
Rollin' like a... https://t.co/nxs4YiZiiR
@RiversCuomo but it'd still be nice to say hi to some yall.
Hey Brixton people. See you later. Feel free to say hi, but know that I'm socially awkward as heck so I may not say many words,
thinking of you always poppa @ Manchester, United Kingdom https://t.co/1VwndQohQs
How can anyone not love bernie LOOK HOW CUTE HE IS!! @berniesanders https://t.co/oO3YXghojA
Me gusto mucho como canta @gwenstefani https://t.co/Vi39UObahd
Wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy @iamdiddy https://t.co/j8Jk5REnqx
I live for your laugh.
@amazonecho first morning of the tour and I miss Alexa already.
"king of the world" rehearsal https://t.co/Mx805ITCXZ
@spizzyspose it's all about proper nouns
@lostindenial @Weezer @Weezer yeah
Meet me down at tower 28. https://t.co/qT8mO1grkg
It's easier to think when I'm not looking people in the eyes.
Brushing my teeth with Perrier.
Photo shoot today @ Las Vegas Strip https://t.co/I8TsEc2chr
Chilling with @ToroyMoi , listening to his new album on @amazonecho
I don't think this face swap worked.... https://t.co/tYhOkT2Tbf
Here's the set I played at @sosadtoday 's party   https://t.co/cm8TNznYIm
@ColinDieden same
@citruscrepe ape a goombah
Seems like it could be fun; anyone wanna make it a girls' night out? Could use a few drinks in my life right now(ha) https://t.co/WcgQ9lcVOx
Are you on the road to everlasting life? https://t.co/NJa8Wid8oW
We're all bisexual.
@celllabration yeah i'd like to try that someday.
@ThisIsRobThomas @Weezer Thanks, pal...means a lot!
@ThePerezHilton Thanks, homie!
@theKTB maybe I'll see you at the @sosadtoday party next week?
@theKTB I just follow @therealjenappel 's orders:)
So good to be back in my own underwear again.
@theKTB https://t.co/scXmLak7hq
@cz77 that's a good line for the hook!
@cz77 let's put it in a song
@cz77 @RoxieFoxieRocks yes, please
@AshleyKizis04 what do you mean?
"Creative differences" is a reason to stay together.
2 PHONES cover @iamkevingates https://t.co/0Uen09YCyX
You will be with me in paradise @ Bru's Wiffle - A Waffle Joint https://t.co/I6jDR23T4x
@macklemore HA HA HA "let's eat"....nice one, man... voice sounds incredible.
@Kworb awesome. Thanks!
@Kworb I love the youtube section. Do you know why Weezer's not on there? Not enough views?
send me nudes dad
A new favorite : Light Years (feat. @RiversCuomo ) (@FunkinMatt Remix) by @steveaoki #np on #SoundCloud https://t.co/TWBUvUkbhX …
misogyny: dislike of, contempt for, or ingrained prejudice against women.
@caitlinblchr @Weezer @RelationshipUs he loves it!
@kaylamarie93_ how so?
@jamesjammcmahon what sounds new and different?  (on the weezer record)
@mcleafer @danozzi no, they turn me onto cool records
@danozzi ha!
@danozzi yeah, &amp; now we have stuff like NYT POPCAST where u got multiple critics discussing several records/artists @ once, so enlightening
@danozzi I'm pretty much a music journalist groupie
@danozzi i shudder to think what my life would have been without their influence, without having discovered those records
@danozzi always been influenced &amp; inspired by music critics; i discovered many of my favorite songs/records/artists through reading reviews
@pitchfork @CHVRCHES @dcfc sick
@danozzi nice one
@LeeStranger @kanyewest waiting for it to come on @Spotify
@CherrieT can't do it
WHITE IVERSON cover @postmalone @ Providence Saint John's Health Center https://t.co/nC0Y5Zl4Ph
@jose_madero arigato!
Can you recommend any books or articles about the impending cyborgification of mankind?
flirt all you want XD keeps ya healthy
@LoveWeezer we modified traditional vows. i'm a pretty traditional guy
@OpenAirAlisha I go by "Rivers"
@ChelsWolf yes!
@allisonscag  let me send you a copy
@AfterOurNolen hola
@homer96738 don't want to miss a note on the guitar
Why is Scott rocking a mullet? https://t.co/tk1iBoAG5T
Singing over a 2-5-3-6 progression with my wife.
@ellekov same
@hoodology panic and the disco
@femmerobbery weez all ya want
@HoagiesKC i agree
@BimaAlt95 good song
@RadioDuna woah, manly
@briannapricee nope
Found a wallet, some papers &amp; books that have lots of names of people I know written in them but can't figure out which person they belong 2
Current mood: Weezer
@RiversCuomo I asked them to guess which band and they guessed Lit, Eve 6, or Fuel.
I was getting harassed by some high school kids on the side of the road while waiting for an uber so I told them I was a 90's rock star
weezer is the reason I started playing guitar
Rehearsing with a doubleneck SG  (guitar and bass.) Ric Ocasek in the house.
Weezer is so slept on
Birds of prey perched in tree outside window of our rehearsal space. Black, red, and green like mallards but I've never seen this species b4
Driving around in a pick-up truck with my brother, screaming along to Mozart's DIES IRAE.
All aboard the third @theweezercruise departing from Tromsø, Norway! https://t.co/ACn54PiU7V
@vickyt We're basically twinsies.
They want me to sleep down in the coat room because the ship is so full.
@RiversCuomo a little dog yipping joyously at my heels
Jogging home in my underwear
Happy #DarwinDay https://t.co/I2ihXPPxTn
Sunday 11a PT sexy @brendonurie shares Blue by @Weezer on @Beats1 #Gratitude. Listen here https://t.co/AJr3arpngg https://t.co/RfG2xtEQoR
@RiversCuomo nm I think my manager is messing with my snapchat right now
Hey guys I'm singing send me some inspiration on snapchat
back in the studio with my pal @scottallister https://t.co/rYUMrn9G8y
@zzzzaaaacccchhh damn, you're right
Apparently it's going to cost $400 to get my headphones out of lost &amp; found.
Lyft driver is playing weezer's blue album. I wish I could hire this guy to take me to work everyday.
@TheRSC how about LA?
@hustleroses yeah
@trentskywalkerr yeah it was funny
@mijasantiago coming
@RiversCuomo but rather because a lot of these rap hits have innovative melodies
@RiversCuomo if I happen to be covering rap hits, it's not cuz i'm trying to be "cool" or "kinda ironic"
@RiversCuomo i just like the song and i like singing it.............
@RiversCuomo I'm trying to play Chuck Mangione. I know the fingering and I'm blowing properly but no notes come out.
I can't get a single note out of my trumpet.
@mongolhorde @matttskiba good call!
Wonder what Fetty wap's doing rn
@bonyymacaroni what the heck
TRAP QUEEN cover @fettywap @ Bru's Wiffle - A Waffle Joint https://t.co/xF8H7M7hn3
I'm supposed to swallow this little fish that has a secret message encoded in its genome.
Feelin very late 90s @RiversCuomo atm
@ChelsWolf it's comin'!
I wrote @Weezer's #KingOfTheWorld about my wife—so she annotated the song! https://t.co/YAkKLZ4MnW
Weezer typa day
@LAist come on, man =w=
Just saw @Sia 's "chandelier" on SNL and now I'm not really sure why I bother trying to sing. https://t.co/RGKwrJx4oN
@DarthTrixius yeah, it's a sad story!
This will make a lot more sense after the album comes out. @ Natural History Museum of Los… https://t.co/3DFIHbngPD
My cover of lukasgraham 7 YEARS @ Santa Monica - LA - California https://t.co/g7WBt5nBbI
How old do you have to be to ride a hoverboard?
Just walked 20 blocks with my fly down.
Do you tilt your head to the left or to the right when you kiss?
you are awesome I drew a kitty for you, do you have any cats? https://t.co/wXKw01HS0N
https://t.co/jXwKyUEfJt
https://t.co/IIHAZz3skf … GET IT BAE, GET IT!!!
i love you dad
For those who want to check out a song, this is a single from his newest solo album: https://t.co/Z5iHLLzHwV
I just wanted to take a moment to point out the other artist on the tour: @andrewmcmahon  please don't miss out on this. He is fantastic.
My cover of@theofficialdaya HIDE AWAY @ Santa Monica - LA - California https://t.co/iZERsMnAaZ
.@brendonurie was my first celebrity crush
They should've had Weezer at @coachella our new album comes out April 1st. Would've been perfect
@awolnation  I may be worthless without you I'll never decide to replace you Amen, the worst is behind us now Woman,woman Woman  love it!!!!
@cara_salimando missed you last night
@theofficialdaya awesome song
what time is cage on tonight?
my bieber cut was looking hella tight on Kimmel last night!
@Mcawesome528 @Travelzoo take me!
@WuTangFurby dope
Weezer/panic comin' for ya https://t.co/qYrvuqWRYl
https://t.co/QEdHeKw7OV
@weezinsuffy ha, yeah
Just saw Kenneth Branagh's transcendent "Winter's Tale"......wish I could thank him but he's not on twitter:(
@Smoko_Ono https://t.co/Zi4IHnjbua
Weezer and P!atd tickets pre sale tomorrow let's GO
@tarinadoolittle @Weezer cool with me.
come with me to go see @CageTheElephant at the I heart radio theater?
I want to have your babies
I switched back to girls on Tinder.
Weezer for Super Bowl 2k16.
I feel like I've been alive a long time.
@GameOverGreggy let's do it!
@GameOverGreggy Will do!
*crashes through wall* DID SOMEBODY SAY NEW WEEZER ALBUM?! https://t.co/2VesPfS6nb
@GameOverGreggy it was a grower for me too!
Help me out. This is my band and I was hoping you could help me popularize this.  https://t.co/JDSwDjqDtN
for tonight do you want me to send you a list of tweets you should blast tonight?
My cover of @raesrummerd COME GET HER https://t.co/NdBbKaWYpH
Coachella line up announced. when I bought the advance purchase tickets I was secretly wishing that Weezer would be playing.
I wonder how much smarter I'd be if my mind weren't full of thousands of song lyrics and @RiversCuomo fun facts
https://t.co/2Q9d9pPQLu
@LIVE105 @foals @thewombats @colemanhell @the1975 @Weezer boo-yah
@alexis_merced yes, definitely!
@RiversCuomo  Its more like Metallica, Metallica, Metallica, Weezer, Metallica now.
Thank God for Girls is now a regular on one of the radio stations out here! I'm impressed considering they usually only play Metallica.
@aboynamedposh @AllieGoertz not true!!
Would you let me try to save you tho
@ElaheIzadi tired from rehearsal:)   hbu?
Tickets bought, flights booked, hotel reservations made. We are ready for Milwaukee!
@RealJoeLevy @RollingStone DYWGH yes, but TGFG doesn't sound mid-90's to me. Have you really heard a song like it from =w=? or anyone else?
Weezer is underrated.
Having a lot more luck matching with guys on @Tinder than I did with girls!
#lastnapof2015
@cz77 ha
#ThugLife https://t.co/gGyknZgdWq
@TweetThisLisa haha
I've done nothing of importance all year
@cz77 marie kondo?
@FrenzyofDeceit We don't have a record deal:(
@cz77 @lisaling I'm gonna have to check that out.
@alliemackay well that would make for an interesting song!
@VEROONTIVEROS I'm serious AND I'm okay:)
@5SECSOFTOGEPI next.
I'm moving from tinder to seeking arrangement #desperatetimescallfordesperatemeasures
My cover of @dawin 's Dessert https://t.co/KfTv7yhxl8
Help me not be sad.
@joshrediscover oh yeah! good times.....well, nice to meet you!
@joshrediscover suzy's party?
@meaghan_garvey interesting.............please point out an example if you come across one...........
Screaming Weezer lyrics at 10:40 PM
My dad cut off my alcohol
@eric666_ i used to work at the one in Anaheim
I thought we were talking about me
I miss the days when it was okay to like Weezer.
@simonwilliam congrats, man!
@leminhhead yep
@papermagazine omg
https://t.co/CeP43qNa6Z
https://t.co/iA5lnLIfp5
can we plz be on the new muppets?
@yojustineyo @Weezer I love it!
too much bad thoughts dad
@TheOutside1 I love Celine Dion
While Weezer didn’t get any love from the Grammys this year, let’s give it up for someone in our extended... https://t.co/P7xrOYlyQl
megan took me to like a fondue christmas party and i was so confused the whole time https://t.co/0Vr5vHkxUM
@UsualMercenary ok......no problem
time to change schools https://t.co/BZ5FD27wfS
bumping my cover of the obscure xmas song SOME CHILDREN SEE HIM because i love it so much. https://t.co/S2wfCiQjhb
@RiversCuomo https://t.co/93wrkuGXw8
Shout out to Weezer for an awesome show. &amp; a special shout out to the guy running the lights for tonight...my retinas are permanently seared
@altnation hey, weezer's an unsigned band too
Knew the day would surely come  When I'd chill and settle down
@MittenKittery no, i'm not super into lip balm.
@LoveWeezer can't think of one
@simonwilliam yup, great melodies and lyrics
.@bastilledan cover https://t.co/vnV2qAVdUA
@dawin love it!
@jackantonoff @RachelPlatten nice job on "stand by you"!
@rossgolan @official_flo @mikecaren love the melodies and singing on "my house"!
@cz77 I gotta hang out with you guys
@mintaburst @butchwalker yeah I've been trying for years........he's the king
@DarthTrixius i like that
I was hoping to discuss hair with you tonight! Maybe next time.
I have no friends
How you living today?
I'm a flirt, but totally harmless, g'night
@juliarothman love your books, hon
@1followernodad @AkilahObviously not true!
@hodgesmusic morning pages keep me insane:)
You used to you used to https://t.co/SJs4Yckxeo
The fact that I have a Snapchat makes life 100 x better
Remember the Weezer music video with the muppets in it? Haha! Oh man, good stuff. Anyway hope everyone enjoys their Friday and weekend!
@jason_koebler (but I credited the band in the video) and I got a similar notification from YouTube.
@jason_koebler I made an art video and  used the acoustic version of island in the sun as background music
@jose_madero a la isla en el sol
@RiversCuomo (he doesn't do this with any other music!?) this is now known in our household as his "weezer face" ??
Every time I listen to or watch Weezer one of our guinea pigs runs to the front of the cage and just sits there staring, mesmerised
Caroling in Echo Park yesterday: https://t.co/zK95dfauCm
@tylerrjoseph i got "quality time"
Light em up! https://t.co/ZHR5eqFffl
Panic at the disco! https://t.co/4kLk7Y9JBm
Very impressed with elle king's mic technique https://t.co/cWLA1azI54
Always interesting to see how much I weigh when I come home from a tour
@ArtActivistNia say more
@emcee_cullough yes or no
@RynWeaver crazy! now you have to take me on your cruise!
My son and I are waiting for the bumper cars at Knott's Berry Farm, and look who's on the TV screen!!! https://t.co/DwYhZe1KYd
I like a guy with nice hands
Weezer would be a nice addition to the Reading line up
never sure if you are a meme or not, but, i love you
Was out last night and just saw this now...SO COOL!! Thank you for putting this together Kim!! https://t.co/zDslfaycHW
I love our talks.
but i'm not supposed to make out with people who i'm not dating, and i know that, but i have a lot of trouble sticking to that
she's cute and i remember her being funny over text
as an actual adult who i'm assuming can give advice, would you say this is a bad idea?
i think i'm going to see a girl tomorrow or friday who i almost went on an ok cupid date with like 3 years ago but then cancelled;
yeah i'm inside and i'm naked under this coat because like i'm cold but don't want to compromise who i am, you know?
@DarthTrixius where?
And I'll let you know about caroling lol
I'm having a bday party at 8PM on Dec 19 if you're around! lots of pizza and drinks will be there! It's at my house
@ColtonStephens @PanicAtTheDisco where are they playing? I'll be in Milwaukee
Weezer is the definition of friend band. =w=
@ShannonSLP jealous!
@DiffuserFM @wavves @BestCoast wow that's awesome!
.@weezer Once you’re done watching, grab “Thank God For Girls” on @AppleMusic for 69 cents (limited time only) https://t.co/KV6ZnZCq7n …
69 cents!? Purchased. Not that I wouldn't have paid the $1.29, jusf didn't know it was available.
@JeffBhasker just saw your credit on "Burning House". Great song, man!
(this one about a woman who has sex w/ her father then gets turned into a tree made me super emotional??)
did you ever have a mythology phase, i had one hella intense when i was like 13
(Um, not really Weezer related... Sorry!)
You folks are all beautiful. Thank you for the amazing support and kindness you've all shown me today. I love you all. :)
Brian Bell's in-flight entertainment https://t.co/ZwrCMU0e7p
I'm going to sleep now wake me up if I do anything weird
@mongolhorde MADDY
@CherrieT @GettyMuseum i love the getty.........last night i was still crashing from decadron withdrawal
I should take some prozac, does it have side effects?
now we are rocking this bowling alley! grin emoticon — with Tracy Richardson Kiser at Columbus Bowling Center. https://t.co/TCjYAwGlSt
I broke down today, in the middle of lunch, I just kept on crying in front of my parents. Nobody said a thing.
I have no idea what's real anymore
FYI - Clark Kent: right part. Superman: left part.
So sad that we live in different time zones.
@Noe_lia_96 gracias a dios
@cz77 not much!
Killer seats for 1d! https://t.co/MzwClKGFCZ
nice https://t.co/VXUjA2jLCc
Hair analysis:  Possibly too long on top right now.   The look yesterday was how conan does his, funnily... https://t.co/4Id0G2PCRw
Sorry I fell asleep last night before it aired but what a way to start the day! My hair was good too! YES! Way to go, man! Hugs!!!
YES!!! We were awesome! Thank god for decadron! We nailed it man! we all looked and sounded amazing. Wow!
I own two queen beds but for some reason I've been sleeping on the couch.
Do you ever wake up, look in your closet, and think to yourself, "which Weezer t-shirt am I going to wear today?"
sometimes I wonder if studios have cameras in the rooms &amp; they're jus watching me spin around in circles on a chair while taking selfies
can't wait til i get my license back jan. 23
Reminder: weezer on Conan tomorrow night!!! Yeah! Can't wait to hear Thank God for Girls! Who is going to be there? Stoked!!! grin emoticon
@diahn_s yep
@wil_i_am_blake ha nice name
@ardemg paranoid android.
@HoodieAllen "I guess you're as real as me"
I FINALLY heard TGFG on the radio on my way home from work tonight!!!!! I needed some good vibes and I was NOT disappointed!!
I want to be the female version of @RiversCuomo
@breanneneedles send your resume!
Last day smoking
Any1 wanna come over and dance w/me
@LawrenceColton7 @Weezer agreed
Onto bigger booties
Why don't girls like me
peace and sex
It's been a while man, life's so rad
My fiancée likes Weezer. And now she is baking an apple cake. What   a woman!
Speaking of carving names into trees, did anyone ever find the carving in the EWBAITE tree?
Happiness is not having to look at the screen when you sing.
I'm about to do my second stint at karaoke ever... Buddy Holly, here I come!!
Do the other band members have Snapchat, or just me?
I love Weezer and Cage the Elephant but I also love Fall Out Boy, Panic at the Disco &amp; The Neighborhood!!!AHHH
WHY ARENT FALL OUT BOY AND WEEZER ON THE SAME DAY PINCH ME IN THE FACE
@pedroazevedo @Weezer @TweetThisLisa @CherrieT I'm giving lisa a giant pile of swag
i hate it when you don't open my snaps in which i looked extremley cute :(
Fully customizable and available on many different products! https://t.co/JQZcs0utPm
Still looking for a gift for that special Weezer fan in your life? I can help!
ummm...the power of Christ compels me
My dad called me earlier today to tell me TGFG was playing on Colombian radio! =w=
Forgot how good Weezer were/are
like an hour ago I was listening to drake and now I'm jamming to weezer what is my music taste
listening to new 1d
Trajabo mucho
All good except for when I excitedly pointed out the two deer...("Pfft...mammals.")
Just went on my first bird watching expedition with the Audubon Society!
OOPS Cara just said that's her old Twitter, new one is @cara_salimando SSRRRY
.@suzyshinn was Weezer's amazing engineer for THANK GOD FOR GIRLS &amp; DO YOU WANNA GET HIGH sessions. also amazing at breaking out of prison
I did one of those prison break thingies on Thursday night! https://t.co/8MSeIBsZud
@khelannn https://t.co/Y7MfdaZtj1
We had to pretend we were taking a photo of Zach
It was kinda awkward to take photos because he was hanging out with us, but here he is in the background with a hat. https://t.co/dFhLMi2r1n
Whatever makes u happy
We designed some new merch! Check it out on our webstore https://t.co/PB8jkc6csz
F*ckin nutella crepes though
learning the sweater song
Need to get my dreads re twisted like ASAP
Does cybersex count as cheating? Asking for a friend...
hey dad
@iHipsterLee you got something special, man!
@iHipsterLee who writes your melodic hooks? I really love them!
I quit Tinder over a year ago.  I'm too old, too ugly, too unwanted.  Gonna die alone and unloved and coming to terms with that
@marylambertsing Thanks!
can you rub my feet?
you know it's bad when Weezer doesn't help.
We don't need birth control https://t.co/ne5bre7PFO
the wand chooses the wizard
i am aware of my faults
i'm naked because i'm really hot rn
Feeling my spanish side
Snap me I'm singing https://t.co/G2WPvZcKN2
You give me life
Making musics
@ijustine dude, you must have been right next to me.....I was section 110
@Real923LA was Kendrick wearing a Hartford Whalers hoodie last night? I'm from Connecticut
couch boyz
Drizz came out https://t.co/kFiIU2QaHb
Had my heart really hurt tonight. Thank you Pinkerton for being there
I had a dream last night where we hugged. You were wearing a red sweater and Brian Bell was riding by on a scoooter.
with the squad in illinois
I have 2 extra tix for @1future @Jeremih @RaeSremmurd  @RichHomieQuan @Jidenna @tydollasign @kendricklamar on Sunday if anyone wants to join
@jowyang Kind of?
@tydollasign i think ya gotta have a healthy mix of isolation and influence from the outside world
@elliegoulding me too. lacto-ovo
Hit me on snapchat: rivers.cuomo
how do you get a record deal
every thug needs a lady
https://t.co/MM6VOzx9GP
Anybody have any recommendations for a beachy vacation this winter?
@visi0nize No, that wasn't me...but this is me!    OR   Yes, that was me!  but this isn't me....
Girl I'm talking 2 just said she's heard of Weezer, but has never heard their music. I was like, well be prepared to hear ALL of their music
Whaddup sweet ass view https://t.co/ycCBcRfAi3
It was fun hearing tired of sex on Zanes show yesterday!
Why u ignore me dad:(
Listen to "Do You Wanna Get High?" over and over and over again on @spotify https://t.co/qGd5N6DmdI
do you follow @5SOS?
New song "Do You Wanna Get High?" out now on @AppleMusic https://t.co/vjfVYm24I0   flyest link you'll ever click
Even weezer princesses have to go incognito sometimes!
Excuse me while i go "wrestle with jimmy"
I could use an effects pedal power cable but I'm afraid I'd blow up my computer. It's 19 volts
Hey guys I'm at the studio in Echo Park &amp; I forgot my razr power cable. Does anyone have one I can borrow?
Dat work lyfe
Apologies if this has already been asked. Can anyone please recommend a reliable source for Weezer guitar tabs?
I'm naked
Tell Pat I like the drumming on it
Liking the new single
Thursdays! https://t.co/fkimgr1chS
Been fighting this dude in Halo 5 for an hour
Do you ever read forums?
can I move in with you dad? Please?
Hahahahaha no, that was intentional. That euphemism is the brain child of Craig Benzine.
you changed the way I listen to music and for that I thank you. And u are sexy as always !!!
Sound check https://t.co/EoCGTRUlnq
tell me i'm pretty
You used to call me on my cell phone
that's a great pic of us 👌😍 https://t.co/SE0uklSr6L
I’m sad and bummed and aimless and rudderless. Maybe I shouldn’t even write? No, that’s crazy. Maybe it’s... https://t.co/mo34hItyx5
So my dog, Waffles, is going to be a dad. Trying to think of some Weezer-inspired names for his puppies.
Weezer tomatoes--who's with me? https://t.co/tpDibsNteZ
Getting my genome sequenced! https://t.co/bHKD6l2bGb
I just wanna look good for you
I like men.
Man it’s hard to get anyone’s attention these days. Maybe if I wore Google Glass. I didn’t know teenagers... https://t.co/edyjnD9n7p
make sure to tag @AppleMusic and this link https://t.co/KV6ZnZU0YV  also here’s the link to the video https://t.co/V2mjQss3pA
Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein off the hook. #soundofmusic
Really dig the new song. Took me a while to warm up to it but it's really awesome now.
Hey nerd, get on AIM  ..... riverscuomo101
Blue album and Pinkerton changed my life
I started going to massage parlors again. But I don’t let them…you know. (She was so surprised.) I actually... https://t.co/cni7HP75NW
We're putting out a new song today  fav if you're interested
Finally home again after a nice gig in Fremont. Thanks to #OffTheGrid for all the support you've given us. We'll be back in SJ on Oct 10!
Send me some inspiration https://t.co/1hfqE0EgdO
I will send you more if you want
Gracias Dios por Weezer.
Will there be a meet up tonight before the show?
Wishing I was on a giant boat with all you lovely people.
Where the Magic is made https://t.co/zrGbu4ln07
When sorrows come, they come not single spies but in battalions!  I’ve got a few tickets left for HAMLET. Hit me! http://t.co/SukoBP3kPx
I sing "Thank God I'm a Country Boy" every time I make pancakes.
mad dawg 😢 😢 I miss John Denver so much
@meaghan_garvey straight fire
@kittaveli tower 8!
@pedroazevedo awwww thank you bunny money ️
I'm going to the beach waz up
"¿Por qué estás tan lejos de mí? Necesito ayuda y tú estás al otro lado del océano."
I got really loose at the end and it was EPIC.
Weezer was sooooo good tonight
Anyone know how I can get in touch with Yuval Noah Harari ? I can't find him on twitter.
Belated happy birthday!!!! Stay beautiful inside and out  ONE DAY WE SHALL SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN HAHAHA http://t.co/29nBbaOCMC
just because you don't like Kanye doesn't make it bad. http://t.co/OMd0Gqwdl0
Not Weezer-related but I have an extra ticket for Toro Y Moi this Friday in St. Pete if anyone is interested please PM me.
@theofficialdaya dig it.
email me back about nerd night.
Nerd NIght XII (The Scottish Play)  You should be women, And yet your beards forbid me to interpret That you are so http://t.co/JHb69zHZIj
Man's gotta do https://t.co/Kib8tkUTKs
Rivers flow
That's a new one @ Toronto, Ontario https://t.co/w2tobrlEDO
hey guys, let’s meet @ griffith park for free Romeo &amp; Juliet, 7p friday - * at the Old Zoo in Griffith... http://t.co/3nn3wahitb
The bathroom code in the @TheCoffeeBean at 10401 Santa Monica Blvd is 11289.
It takes a village to write a song.
I cried under the pier Fed up with all the rejection Ate the sand that was infected With piss and hypos... http://t.co/1VzzF9QQuO
hey guys, I'm going to be at a meditation course until May 15. Talk to you on the other side:)
Kids cutting my hair before the meditation course. http://t.co/hT7OAYLuUB
@crucialzza no, as in, "no, there isn't a secret map"
SO MUCH YES RIGHT NOW #coheed
here's a kinda weird tapestry I made of my dog http://t.co/YhlEMp8vgT
Opening Day at Citi Field, with my new Weezer Fan Club Tour tee. My new favorite tee shirt. And the Mets won! http://t.co/YnRmnAmyPK
Matt and Kim are playing in Boston tonight and I'm so tempted to buy a last minute ticket.
I wanna sleep with common people like you
Rewatching the Bulls game I was at hah
Daredevil and pad thai
As long as it doesn't grow so long that it interferes with his ability to play the guitar, he can do whatever he wants.
come to my 40th bday party. I am belly dancing for my friends at a bowling alley. Doesn't get better than that!
Post Edited: Nerd Night X (Shakespeare's King Lear) http://t.co/hu3Vl0MmxQ
when I'm listening to Weezer I feel like I am in Weezer or I am weezer myself
vapetown
Hello handsome http://t.co/0NHfqmqYdk
Ran 26.25 miles this afternoon...what have you all been up to today? http://t.co/g5HX2zH8E9
Boob game strong tonight
accidentally bought plain pretzel
touring Harvard today
. @robertdemaine was incredible tonight with @CalderQuartet on the Schubert Cello Quintet @thebroadstage
that's not shade
Prob a virgin
Weezer is still awsum even on a iPad ! http://t.co/sACHBfWf66
have you ever met billie joe armstrong?
I've got your letters you've got my song
Mufasa hair. Thank you rainy foggy day.
good morning bby
I had a gal yarn it up for me for the first cruise. My favorite part is the thread on the sleeve for when I walk away http://t.co/PdT8Dp3LIh
Got a sick tan today.
Help me find love on tinder
Do u even lift brah?
idk, been interested in postpunk lately.  hbu?
passed that 1 mil mark, baller.
@SGS711 I'm striking out on tinder, big time. I need some coaching.
hoopin
I don't want to be heard. I want to hear.
http://t.co/4zPnte22a8
We're playing on @NBCTheVoice this Monday. Who's gonna be watching? #M5ontheVoice
If a girl flirted with me using @weezer lyrics I'd be here forever!
Weezer Cruise 2050!!!
Who is on snapchat? Nothing entertaining is happening on my side.
I made this drawing at the beginning of last year. Quick draw xD Hope you enjoy it! :) http://t.co/rXlQqFTae2
credinability
Lately I feel like Rivers Cuomo hacked Rivers Cuomo.
It's a joy to hear Ben Affleck singing along to Suzanne and exclaim how much he likes the song.
I'm watching Mallrats with commentary (yea, I know, I have no life).
May have done some rearranging at my local half price book store http://t.co/PyDEqcOlKO
I'm so proud of this band. I love them so much and they are rock stars of the soul.
Well, that was a perfect end to my week!! What a great show! I was rocking and Evie was playing air drums!
Cool. I met a girl named Abby in Indianapolis on @Tinder and she's going to take me for a walk.
JT making me feel sexy this morning
http://t.co/pLACvZVaBz
I'm at Pie Hole in Los Angeles and they are playing El Scorcho! It's perfect because I'm on a date.  hahah
I can't go out without my socks... http://t.co/ec5o2AhfUY
RIP bowl cut. Never forget
Platonic booty call.
I find the fans on this page to be polite and nerdy: A good mix.
It'll mean the world to me if you reply and tell me you're secretly in love w/ me hahah :)
I wanna go bacccckkkk!
White Stripes vault package makes all rainy days better!
send posi vibes to a sad girl x
Do you dream in 1st or 3rd person?
Are you or anyone you know addicted to internet porn? http://t.co/0vnxRgDu1J
Look what I got!! http://t.co/g33RNosSgZ
Stephanie (my brother's gf) from a band called The Coathangers singing w/Weezer tonight in Cali. This makes me happy! http://t.co/b3bipFBqYh
Soooooooy un perdedoooor
emo gurl 4 lyfe
2hardcore
Wondering if anyone here is into D&amp;D or Pathfinder. I´m playing with some friends 3.5 and Pathfinder games.
We need a Weezer advice column.
Flirting with a guy using only Weezer lyrics. It's working.
could you please follow me? it would mean a lot to me
What about a dating site just for weezer fans?
Ok guys, I just joined Tinder.
Anybody getting married at an LA area beach in the next couple of weeks? I need some inspiration for a song about a wedding. Thanks.
Why wasn't I aware @RiversCuomo and @BigDataBigData partnered up? I dig it #savethewhales  http://t.co/lERdjioXKI
At a chinese party...no one my age
If DeTour runs long enough they’ll get to the part where the Rivers-character makes a TV show about his... http://t.co/EQ2PGHCZJn
love my puppy so much.
Biz dev meetings got me like
It's been 5 months since my last Weezer show... Way, way too long I may not make it until July...
... in the weezermobile.  :)
Losing my mind trying to find a bridesmaid dress #thanksrenata  http://t.co/wPRWqvlpfT
Hi beautiful
He is my squishy... and I shall hug him and pet him and take him on Weezer cruises. :) http://t.co/jYIo2MAS3W
The stache needs to come back.
Reppin Weezer tonight at Blink! (+44 + Matt Skiba?)
@JahHills wow amazing
boob pillows are best pillows
Who wants 2 play some online Cards Against Humanity with Katie Croland Michael Bicanovsky Dina Knobel myself+others @ around 10p ET tonight?
Rise and grind
8:05 time to rock
#CuomoForGovernor
holy crap first dates are effing scary
Double chin 4 lyfe
quick energy drink b4 skiing
Just crushed the gym thanks to Weezer.
Starbucks is playing Ella Fitzgerald can we slow dance?
hair won't cooperate
Hello 4 day weekend!!
Weezer @ fenway park would be the best day OF MY LIFE. you guys should make it happen
#FF cast of FOX Pilot #DeTour based on @RiversCuomo! @benaldridge07 @missthirlby @petergallagher dir by @mrgarelick &amp; writ by @SteveFranks
who do you miss?
rawkward
http://t.co/KD9NejXUFE
Giving up Weezer for Lent is hard.
@a_m_dodson link please
please be my dad
okay we are at john feldmans house and they are here. apparently michael just came out and said hi to fans right before we got here haha
wassup fam
@bissellbrooke i totally wanna go. by the way, did you mean tonight or tomorrow night?
claire and I are going to stalk 5 seconds of summer again tomorrow. let me know if you want in hahaha
you are the reason I started playing guitar
So I substitute teach part time, and today I’m teaching 6th grade language arts. We’re watching YouTube... http://t.co/f5bmRP1rYG
Dressed like a secretary in the 90's.
I got to hang out with some fans and hear their stories about what lyrics on my album #PieceByPiece meant to them.
5 hour skype calls are quickly becoming my life...but I'm okay with this &lt;3
I don't have a face to break your heart.
Professional car singer.
Broken People - The regular preacher wasn’t there We had a sub A lady who moved from Germany When she was... http://t.co/Q3HDRRiCNM
I'm tired of my malaria paper.
If I have one piece of advice it would be that you look into feminist or gender theory.
cake before dinner #noboundaries
Let's be workout buddies!
We ended up at a biker rally in Venice I met a man who plays the villains on TV So handsome He gave me a... http://t.co/E1cXSWTdtz
do she got da booty
@barbarachai basically all of his adult life.
Which Hemingway biography should I get? There are so many.
You've just been Cuomoed. http://t.co/6cZJMlfSaB
Anyone have an extra =w= beenie they'd be willing to trade for a custom Weezer coffee mug or shirt or decal?
start studying at 1am because time is a social construct.
I'm a pretty princess
represent... http://t.co/wyc4eenPir
Weezer are a great band!
are you in Santa Monica right now?
time to make some monaaaayyyyy
Say it ain't so, it's Rivers Cuomo.
@CupcakeTurd "all 4 of 'em"  :)
Don't worry...you have gorgeous eyes.
.@jeremydenk was on fire tonight with @ASMForchestra at @thebroadstage . kick ass performance of stravinsky, bach, and dvorak.
Ahoy Weezer brothers and sisters! I mentioned a while back that I would be owning a bar and that day has... http://t.co/DEUG0tqeTj
We heard bits of random static and explosions from the speakers as if something had gone wrong a 30-piece... http://t.co/ErXxWtJ1wJ
Anybody lonely out there?
Eating out alone. I has no friends.
I've been on a writing binge recently.
@beets25 @Spotify Yeah it would be fun to see what comes up randomly.
Rivers you're bae, just acknowledge it
Singing in the car is my favorite activity.
Is it possible to listen to spotify's entire library of music on shuffle?
If u ever need an Irish dancer for a show I got u.
Bingo fundraiser #4thekids
Any songwriting advice?
Just looking at you makes me happy.
I just love waking up every morning and pouring myself a bowl of yummy El Scorch-O's
Do u prefer being the big or small spoon?
I want to make a tiny Weezer T-shirt for my dog but I can't find dog t-shirts small enough for him.
Rolled my first ciggy.
Is it illegal for me to name a product a Weezer song? For instance: "The Good Life" and "Island in the Sun"
Hey I've got a question for the rule makers - I've got a new food product I've developed and I'm working on the name.
Japanese giiiiiiirls.
@WQXR sounds awesome.
Weezer and Billy Joel should tour together.
Just sat in the grocery store parking lot for an additional 3 mins so I could properly complete my epic air drumming along 2 "Across the Sea
Star Wars vs Star Trek
Can i be your snapchat girlfriend? I'm 18.
getting my grub on.
When bae won't answer:(
I'm having =w= travel &amp; friend withdrawal...
Is it lame to name my guitar?
Bumpin with the fam
Do you think my puppy is cute?
PLS tell me this is you
Guess what I'm listening to.
I'm a pretty chill guy. Just want to be a fly on the wall.
Does anyone have a place down around the beach (like Venice) that I can hang out at? Want to be part of a beach community for inspiration.
Make Believe was my became-a-woman gift.
Can anyone give me a ride home? I'm in Venice.
She's just jelly.
Weird and Cool - That was a thrill having you gun me around in your Chevelle After a few PBRs Poor girl... http://t.co/0wsBPf0blh
Can I call you dad or is that weird?
Why aren't you married yet?
You make me high.
Jamie Jamie I'm so glad you're mine.
How do you deal with a broken heart?
I crowdsurfed up to the front row in Kansas City and it was awesome.
@DanJosephsG cut n paste the most exciting bits:)
Ramones rule, right?
These forks are kawaii.
You tweeted my snap are we dating now
And I don't mind long messages:)
I like it when you're weird and personal and quirky and entertaining and don't talk about the usual stuff.
Andras Schiff is killing it downtown at the Disney center.
Anybody going to the andras schiff concert tonight? Wanna hang out before?
I love the rain.
But are you good on the phone or would it be kind of awkward?
This guac is so fresh.
Do you promise not to record me? I want to be treated like a normal person.
Ohio's ready for you.
@aqwabrat_ohLISA D Major?
Would you rather chat with me on phone or Skype?
my stomach wants tofu.
Anyone know how to write a song?
Are u in vegas I live here come over.
Up and down, up and down, I will lead them up and down: I am fear'd in field and town: Goblin, lead them up and down.
Lovers of Pinkerton should check out Van Morrison's ASTRAL WEEKS (a big influence on me circa 95). So sad + beautiful it makes my guts hurt.
Up listening to Beach Boys. Help me.
have you ever been bullied?
DIDNEY WORL
#want  http://t.co/LS3IQNfWzx http://t.co/UxMRpprsfF
we cool?
You look sexy in a crown.
@Krisbrooks_ nice catch! I never noticed that.
jammin out to Weezer
Girl, you're the best.
is what you're doing incredibly mindblowingly awesome? or are you just screwing around?  :) http://t.co/CIHWyPK7dw
I'm meeting Gavin Rossdale today.
shopping for socks.
Veggies at medieval times were pretty good.
Just woke up getting that purp on
Happy Saturday, friend.
Just posted a photo https://t.co/LhSZjXkVs3
Is there anyone who wanted a Weezer purse hook that didn't get one or couldn't afford one?
Should I shave?
You guys are rad.
I'm torn. Should I respond to snapchats? Do other musicians do that?
Happy International Polar Bear Day.
What's your favorite Oasis b-side? Mine's either Masterplan or Acquiesce.
Stumbled across a folder of EWBAITE voicenote demos. Here's a clip of me writing the chorus to  "Ain't Got Nobody" :) http://t.co/FznCEY4E25
i wish i wasn't so quiet and nervous all the time
i need girl advice
are you on a golf cart?
eating falafel in the name of rock
I just wanted you to know that Weezer's been a huge part of my life since I was 11 years old.
kinda bored now. snaps?
Was lonely girl written for green?
RIVERS WHY
*evil grin*
Blue album or pinkerton?
Fermenting some kombucha.
Read any good books lately?
Please give me some wisdom.
@myspacetom just working on a song with that progression so i hope not:)
@myspacetom step 1: gotta start with a great chord progression.
Sorry for being a dweeb!
Si se puede.
I hope ur having a good night.
I lost my copy of the blue album.
You've done more for me than you'll ever know. Thanks for being my greatest inspiration...
Weezer for Super Bowl 2k16.
Thanks for existing.
I tend to sing to my dog.
You shouldn't feel guilty for having been selfish as a child. That's the way kids are.
Sincerest apologies for douchey snaps.
I'm so grateful for the amazing teachers I've had in my life. It makes me want to teach something. Anyone want to learn something from me?
Marriage is for life. You're obviously very intelligent so figure out how to make it work for you:)
I touched your butt at a show one time.
You make life better.
Just posted a photo http://t.co/pxHJxnpVuD
Play el scorcho
Bby pls
Why no three-legged animals?
If you snap me back it wld make my life.
It make me sad u no answer.
@karenguyton check out the new self-tuning guitars from @gibsonguitar . there's got to be some math and robotics involved in those things.
I AM going out like a sucker.
Anyone wanna procrastinate with me?
I can't marry you but I will follow you.
I wish my computer had more personality.
Bring back emo.
I'm not a big fan of raisins.
yumi arai http://t.co/F6rE56Lr6M
Who wants to cuddle?
Who's down for some Earl Grey?
What's it like to work at @Starbucks ?
Group hug!
Happy =w=alentine's Day:)
People are remarkably okay with dogs licking their faces.
I touched the page where Lysander says to Hermia:  You minimus of hindering knotgrass made, You bead, you acorn!  #nogloves
.@Ashleyloveslamp took me to see Shakespeare's First Folio lmulibrary http://t.co/vtijCJjzme
And speaking of 5-10-15-20--here's CLEOPATRA http://t.co/tdge6nRpHg
Here's my @pitchfork 5-10-15-20 (me talking to @en_cohen about the music of my life):  http://t.co/yF0pJnbHSj
And I'm singing on the new song from @BigDataBigData (who was in the dorm next to mine at @Harvard ) http://t.co/OexUwcfrVW
Huge congrats to @beck , fellow L.A. alt rock Class of '94 alum:)
Does anyone have a Gibson guitar I can borrow? I'm right in Hollywood.
I want to do something outside today. Anyone want to go for a pre-game walk?
Just posted a photo http://t.co/5fw5OkAqHC
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
You guys should all move to Santa Monica:)
Thank you for opening my snapchat.
"A sound so honest and passionate that even a broken person can tolerate it." @viv_albertine
Be careful that when you write a song, the song does not also write you.
and the band sounds amazing!
Saw @The_National 's movie "Mistaken For Strangers" last night. Hilarious and touching, they're the Falstaff and Prince Hal of indie-rock:)
Feeling this pickle.
@NerfHerder_band you got it!
http://t.co/QWKHXJ1pb2
Still haven't figured out how to add people on Snapchat.
Who are the best guitar players out there?
Taste is a talent.
Me and my homies. http://t.co/VHnqOkDeYm
Can anyone recommend any good pre-90's female-fronted punk albums besides THE SLITS (which i love)?
“I have had a most rare vision. I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was.” http://t.co/ERRgu3sWoq
What do you want to happen today?
I'll put a girdle round about the earth in forty minutes.
...unbeknownst to me and should in no way be taken as a reflection of my personal values or world-view. Thank you.
To the people attending Nerd Night with me tonight: the intense smell of cologne emanating from my hair was put in today by my barber ...
THIS NIGHT is a good example of cut-and-paste technique but still feels like a rare exception. @JimmyMcGorman @sterlewine @maura @billyjoel
yeah, i'd b curious to know about prelude/AYM but really I'm asking about the traditionally structured songs. @sterlewine @maura @billyjoel
Or did he always write one section out of another? @billyjoel
Besides "Scenes from an Italian Restaurant" are there examples of songs @billyjoel composed of unrelated bits of music pasted together?
@jacobkasher hey man, we loved SUPERMENSCH. Thanks:)
@TomArnold ha....thanks, pal. you're cracking us up:)
@TomArnold crazy...........watching you in SUPERMENSCH right now:)
I must confess that I have heard so much + w/Demetrius thought 2 have spoke thereof; But being overfull of self-affairs, my mind did lose it
@youngthegiant What was the name of that guitar teacher you mentioned?
Nerd Night IX (Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream) ... http://t.co/trpVE8C41M
@EdMasley @katyperry @SuperBowl Was her Harvard Lampoon initiation as traumatic as @Weezer 's?  :(
What is the difference between a riff and a lick?
@arielramos20 i tried to snap you back but it failed:(
Dear @billyjoel : which composer do you hear the most in your own compositions? (Who is the best composer for me to study?)
I wish there was a Tinder for hooking up with cool, interesting people to talk to.
Can anyone get us a gig in Cuba?
We did a zipline today and at first it was MUCH scarier than we expected. We were all pooping.
Just posted a photo http://t.co/eF9957k1eN
I'm interested in Cuba.
Crushing early song from @billyjoel "Tomorrow Is Today":  http://t.co/J3Y7NlkyjJ  listening to it over and over. so sad.
I just received an exfoliating loofa scrub from a man.
Wish I could have a conversation with @billyjoel.
@MiloVentimiglia Happy New Year!
@tyschalter Thanks, pal:)
Today we fly from Tokyo to Maui for a few days vacation. Very excited. Does anyone have a guitar I can borrow in Maui?
Hair spray http://t.co/vvkETFCaWN
The tempura kids. http://t.co/8RyRSawAWc
Who wants to read the new SLITS book with me? http://t.co/QMsI00TVGv
Maybe I should bum-rush the UCLA cafeteria.
I want more academics in my life. I miss that from my college days--the awesome cross-discipline discussions over meals in the cafeteria.
@myspacetom I’m in Japan w/SCOTT&amp;RIVERS, listening 2 Billy Joel+using snapchat pretty regularly—3 things I associate w/u:) hope you're well.
Ha, and I just left Osaka today. Did you take the shinkansen? Maybe our trains passed:) @MiloVentimiglia
@OasisLive4ever_ @Weezer This is by far my favorite compliment ever:)
I'll be in Tokyo until New Years. Anybody want to hang out?
Hair spray. http://t.co/88Eq8GpEm4
Arrival in Japan. http://t.co/RmmR7utro1
All we have is our kindness to each other.
@oliviawalch can I ask you 2 questions about ENTRAIN?
@messinatory I wouldn't start with a sonnet--I'd start with a play.
...and Stephen Hawking can't explain you. http://t.co/TgGsfs2ni8
Meet n greet. http://t.co/U1z92RyBx6
Back to the snack http://t.co/z2l5xxG4vB
I'm just a girl! http://t.co/aKhYcEdJ3T
Smashing pumpkins! http://t.co/abeSIafF2q
Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried, Grapple them unto thy soul with hoops of steel.
That was an awesome #EWBAITE show last night, Portland:)  #KeepWeezerWeird  #NoPity
this is cool @mrhammar @BarryTheArtGuy's suburban interpretation of the Pinkerton cover for an LA art exhibit http://t.co/7f5jEaI6s6
@DanielPlatzman @benamckee @Imaginedragons great show guys!
Rocking out to imagine dragons http://t.co/0OTxhvyqvH
@TedStryker Wow that's awesome. Thanks!
@TedStryker ok. I'm on a plane bound for Seattle. Rockin' the gogoinflight:)
I have a day off in Orlando tomorrow. Anybody around?
Video: Traveling in style. http://t.co/eJh0ZcCk8k
What's going on in Jacksonville tonight?
Last night I met @bleachersmusic @BigDataBigData @WALKTHEMOONband @thebadsuns right outside our dressing room at the @1021Edge Dallas show.
I love playing radio shows because you get to meet a lot of other cool bands backstage.
Video: Dressing room cheese. http://t.co/qS1Nz3odlf
I love you.
@heathhog_ with Antony.  [my source is the Shakespeare play:)]
Been feeling anxious, sitting at home, not doing anything to support our beloved EWBAITE. Can't wait for the tour to start next week:)
@bissellbrooke Thanks. Nobody ever snaps me anymore.
Shouldn't Thanksgiving come the day after Christmas?
Here's a pretty amazing/hilarious anti-procrastination device for your writing. I set mine to 1100 words in 24 mins.: http://t.co/FACyVjCOlJ
Thanks for doing the reddit ama with me. you can check it out here. Hope it was interesting:)  http://t.co/1orVmjCCIA
I'm doing a @reddit_AMA right now http://t.co/1orVmjCCIA
Great time performing with @realestateband tonight for @RBSoundSelect's #30DaysInLA photo by @kouryangelo http://t.co/qBHUdngl9V
Tell me 3 good things that happened today.
I’m doing a @Reddit_AMA on Thurs 11/20 at 4pm PST http://t.co/A24olumXjl  #askmeanything
I’m going to see @realestateband at the Belasco tonight. Anyone going?
@devhynes @LAOpera Kosky is the guy who designed/directed the show? it was incredible. Dido &amp; Aeneas too.
California Science Center today for the Pompeii exhibit and 3D Galapagos movie.
At the @LAOpera for blue beards castle.
Edgar I nothing am.
Nerd Night VIII (Shakespeare’s MacBeth) ... http://t.co/wdJdTn0cZy
If music be the food of love, play on!
Please don’t take my silence for indifference. I just can't find the words to express what I’m feeling.
Feels so good "@GabayJonathan: @RiversCuomo #killingit #Weezer #Belasco #EverythingWillBeAlrightInTheEnd http://t.co/7NNeCQxwpE"
Anyone want to come to the show tonight in LA?
How do I seem to you?
Pre-show ritual: @sgs711 and I like to go in a dark alley behind the venue and "toss it" together, i.e. play frisbee.
Weezer choir rehearsal http://t.co/NbFJFZtyJe
I do my best work in my BF Skinner t-shirt. http://t.co/wKPuOidvK0
I tweeted that I wanted 2 start a Weezer Fan fanclub and @ the SF #ewbaite show I was inducted as a charter member. http://t.co/Phho0sBArh
Guten Morgen meinen Freunden!
Overheard the man next to me on the plane say quietly into his cell phone, "I'll wear the superman boxer shorts that you love."
@janetguerrerom I'll check it out now:)
"Night owl" seems kind of redundant.
I wish I was bigger.
Buenas dias.
Hosting a reading of King Lear tonight.
"Listen, Jesus, to the warning I give..." a playlist of what i listened to in 1993: http://t.co/0E0ZmUkAgB
No one ever dresses up as Santa Claus on Halloween...
You guys are amazing:)
I’m sorry for what I said about Big Bird yesterday.
Your pain is passing away.
"Big Bird" is a pretty weak name for a puppet character.
@patrick_wilson @SGS711 Kiss the Ibis:)
"An ounce of data is worth a thousand pounds of opinion." ~ @ashishkjha
Ain't Got No-Body http://t.co/WHoMEqasVl
I need you.
Photo:  http://t.co/oEEie7rUiC
Tonight #ewbaite invades New York City! http://t.co/YZ3ARDxnVE
1 of my fav writers, @Atul_Gawande , came by the show  yesterday. Very happy to talk (re: mentors, creative feedback) http://t.co/RkaaJTAM3n
Tonight #ewbaite invades Cambridge! http://t.co/qXwbp6azVi
So much Weezer history here. So many emotions. So many songs written. Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Tonight #ewbaite invades Philadelphia. http://t.co/h0xZldO8DY
Most @weezer songs work well sung from a female perspective but that wouldn't be the case with "You Gave Your Love To Me Softly".
"This is the night Light up a fire in the forge"  ~~first ever performance of #ewbaite tonight in Philadelphia
Check out @SGS711 with the Minotaur (his transparent double-neck) and a big ol' cast. Here comes the #EWBAITE tour. http://t.co/lsLoIYZyxf
@KirbyReitz @Weezer nice work!
@D_De90 We need one of those:)
What do you guys think of standing desks?  http://t.co/pt8r8kdeVf
Late night bus ride. http://t.co/kAOr0QHlJi
Watching from Russia with love. http://t.co/3rvef8VcLl
So happy to be out on the road with weezer. Four guys in a tour bus.
"What are your concerns about what lies ahead?"~~~@Atul_Gawande #BeingMortal
"Groups are better at deciding between possible solutions to a problem than they are at coming up with them."~~James Surowiecki
It's o.k. to objectify me.
Thank you for helping us pick our second single:)
On my way to rehearsal. 4 days until the #ewbaite tour!
Please help us choose the next single:) http://t.co/veYsr7dWha
How's everybody doing?
"Here was a Caesar! when comes such another?"~me with coronet, short sword, and the cast of Julius Caesar. http://t.co/GQI0ZmjtuD
@mariofan44 cuz I was conducting:)
I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
If Brian married Pat he could be Brian Wilson.
@BetterLoop Thanks for the feedback. Good to know:)
@BlueandYellow @atulgawande I've played Operation, though it's been about 40 years.
Thanks @atulgawande for #BeingMortal .Made a big impression on me + could well influence my life to the very end:) http://t.co/hthgbJDNeo
"The best way for a group to be smart is for each person in it to think and act as independently as possible." James Surowiecki
Trail remix.
CAN YOU PLS TELL ME YOUR SNAPCHAT NAME
The conversation never got 2 what he cared about--finding a path w/the best chance of maintaining a life he'd find worthwhile #BeingMortal
Polo is a lot like soccer, the chief difference being that in soccer the players don't normally poop all over the field during the game.
Anything I can help you guys with?
Nerd Night VII (Shakespeare's Julius Caesar) ... http://t.co/wdJdTn0cZy
Can anyone recommend a cool hobby? I need a new hobby.
4 more rehearsals until the "Everything Will Be Alright In The End" Tour. Are you learning your parts? :)
@tooManyDoses That's cool!
Skyping w/my family I started getting into playing a new riff on guitar + skype put up a message saying "u've got a lot of background noise"
@LukeSells Let's do a EWBAITE week in the Midwest:)
Can I get a selfie with you?
Hace 9 años que tocamos aquí.
http://t.co/guPf8R4I9H
Vamos a Mexico!
Adios, soccer star that we loved the most:) @landondonovan
Head over to @SpotifyUSA and check out our new album "Everything Will Be Alright In The End" http://t.co/tPfq6lV1DY
I got everything I need.
Excuse me while I whip this out. #blazzingsaddles  http://t.co/oAZ7xII7WX
@tombreihan FYI, I wasn't bored and annoyed but rather scared and concentrating very hard so I didn't screw up:)
@Atul_Gawande loving “Being Mortal”. Just ordered a second copy--for my mom.
Awesome fans threw us an album release party:) #EWBAITEListeningPartyLA  #Weezer http://t.co/4pQj3FHL5l"
Here is our performance of "Ain't Got Nobody" on Kimmel last night. Hope it's good. I'm too nervous to watch:) http://t.co/R6TRKoZvIZ
Will you be my snack?
@mclaughlin006 HA!
Can I be your spirit animal?
@marahe ha. yeah i guess so:)
@marahe in Japanese it has the same root ("kara") as in "karate". karate="empty hand" karaoke="empty orchestra". I think:)
Thanks to the cast and crew for helping me bring the vision to life:) #everythingwillbealrightintheend
And please check out #EWBAITE on iTunes http://t.co/xmxbQ1Nmt2
Here's the last #EWBAITE teaser, "Foolish Father". Very sad to say goodbye to this series:) https://t.co/yndhD9voqx …
I'm going to start a Weezer Fan fan club.
Hey Weezer fans, I'm YOUR biggest fan.
Guys, here is the ITUNES link to our new album. Please check it out. http://t.co/y7MamIcIjL
Thank you, Weezer fans. I'm so glad to be in this relationship with you. Our record is out now. Please listen:) http://t.co/Bh7sBdGlbm
I don't even know your name No, I don't have the words to say So I call you "Anonymous"  ~~~ "Anonymous"  #εώвαïτε
So I look at my life I look at my friends I look in the eyes of my enemy It's all just a gift  That I'm going to give to you  ~~"Anonymous"
We grow old Our hearts are dim But are minds are free To fly where they will  ~~~ "Cleopatra"  #εώвαïτε
You’re Sui Generis, my sweetheart, I don’t even know where to start  ~~~ "Da Vinci"  #εώвαïτε
Punk-ass redcoats!  ~~~ "The British Are Coming"  #εώвαïτε
Light up a fire in the forge We're not the coins  In the coffer of old King George  ~~~ "The British Are Coming"  #εώвαïτε
Don't wanna compromise my art For universal appeal Don't wanna be mass consumed I'm not a happy meal  ~~~ "I've Had It Up To Here"  #εώвαïτε
Time marches on Worlds come and go But we will sing the melodies that you did long ago  ~~~ "Eulogy For A Rock Band"  #εώвαïτε
That’s human nature We fail each other Then keep on searching for another  ~~~ "Ain't Got Nobody"  #εώвαïτε
Holy cow, guys. Our record comes out in a little over 24 hours.
Credit or cashews?
I've got to stop using the word "countless".
@marcmaron  in 20 years of doing press I've rarely gotten as big + as positive a response as what we got from wtf. Thank you:)
Chillin' on the beach listening to Daniel kahneman's " Thinking Fast and Slow" on http://t.co/yRp5ni6YnF.
Guess I'll go to the beach.
I wonder how far my cursor travels every day.
Gosh, guys, getting teary-eyed. So glad you like the album.
Thought it was a cheeto on the ground but it was just an orange earplug:(
A song is a construct, whose mechanisms can be classified and analyzed like the objects of any other... http://t.co/nzfGhAlYmj
Mind if I stalk you?
@peterhassett @harikondabolu listen to my man.
@toiletstand why not?
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: Exclusive Studio Photos From Karl #6 http://t.co/GFh1IeOjeX @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
Most guys have measured their penis, but have they weighed it?
"Information is beauty". Yuri Lotman
We should be wooed and were not made to woo.
Awesome rehearsal with @best_coast . Bethany has such a crushing voice.
#EWBAITE 23 "Back To The Shack" Check out the behind the scenes of the video! via @AltPress http://t.co/LKkoGUZU86  #WeezerWednesday
It means so much to me that you guys are on our side.
Hey guys, you can now stream "Everything Will Be Alright in the End"! (US only) http://t.co/qx7LSh5fUx #discosucks
@daniel_pearson thanks, pal!
No one can take this away from us.
@DrewFromTV @litlnemo  all credit to Michael Penn:)
"Dude Scalps Weezer Tickets for $500, Gets Swift Internet Justice." http://t.co/ug8RUSciy1    Thanks, @TheSinclair  @lukeoneil47  !
Hey guys, most of the "Everything Will Be Alright In The End" album artwork is up now: http://t.co/3QI6wEgwMS
Poor guy. It’s no fun to be called irrelevant.
I mean even if the numbers are actually good inside the camp, he’s got to be aware of the ol’ backlash and focusing on that.
He must be hurting immeasurably.
@TopherMFord @marcmaron @WTFpod context?
I loved that melody when I was kid. "So, she says its time she goes / but wanted to be sure I know / she hopes we can be friends"
"What if I were Romeo in black jeans / what if I was Heathcliff, its no myth" Those are some tough lyrics. But he made it fly. Good for him.
@jose_madero es bueno. yo lo promeso:)
Study the forms. The tricks. Get a vibe on the lryics, the personae. Fun stuff.
Take notes on who wrote what, why, where, when, and how. Get those progressions in my fingers.
Man, I’m having so much fun just jamming along to music these days. That’s all I wanna do.
Maybe she’ll get it. How should she respond? Good point. “No problem.”
Hmm. That would be weird. That would be very weird. Sending your wife an email. That would be very weird. From the office to the house.
Thanks for listening to me last night.
@thisisWATERS @Weezer Thank you, guys!
Proud to be featured in our hometown paper today #ewbaite @latimes  http://t.co/CUITnwQIVK
Someone once thought my dad was Al Pacino as he was coming out of a theater, just having seen the Godfather. That must have been like 1971.
“If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you prick us do we not bleed?” So awesome. Gotta love Pacino.
Al Pacino was the bomb in “Merchant of Venice”.
BTW, whatever happened to that Al Pacino King Lear that was supposed to come out in 2013? So bummed.
Thinking about going up to see a performance of king lear at the theatricum botanicum in Topanga canyon. Anybody ever been?
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: EWBAITE T-Shirt Design http://t.co/s9MLIzN2gr @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
..and "Lonely Girl" audio is now up on youtube #EWBAITE http://t.co/yQKrDep81f
We’ve been rehearsing our buns off these last few days, getting ready for the #EWBAITE club shows which go on sale today.
@beafootnote Very rare. I wish there were more of them.
@RollingStone I look like I'm divulging.
UK’s Kerrang gives “Everything Will Be Alright In The End” 5 K’s, calling it a “classic”. And their fav song? “The British Are Coming” :)
Here's the new Weezer teezer for "Everything Will Be Alright in the End". The story's almost over! #ewbaite https://t.co/Z7ToxMnrzu
@mongolhorde OK
I'm tired of disintegrating.
"The British Are Coming", 1 of my favorite—and 1 of the weirdest—songs on #ewbaite is now available 4 pledgers: http://t.co/6nhfeUNJno …
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: 'The British Are Coming' Free Instant Download http://t.co/chn5QiEd7m @PledgeMusic
Even if you eat meat you're kind of a vegetarian because the animals you eat are made entirely out of vegetables.
A sad thought: all the dogs in the sweater song video have surely passed on: https://t.co/fyzcL3NET0
I wonder if "Walk Like An Egyptian" was popular in Egypt.
Beyond stoked to see Paul Simon tonight in a production of Shakespeare’s AS YOU LIKE IT. http://t.co/r5xUrbxZXX
@Atul_Gawande I believe we share a release date (October 7)? Looking forward to "Being Mortal”. email coming your way:)
@Atul_Gawande Loved “The Checklist Manifesto.” When u write the 2nd ed., include a chapter about artists’ checklists. Ask me about mine:)
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: Exclusive Studio Photos From Karl #5 http://t.co/dRuKyJ6jnk @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
Here we go! http://t.co/UyW8mYhN9l
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: 'Cleopatra' Free Instant Download http://t.co/8pePmo1ORt @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: Exclusive Studio Photos From Karl #4 http://t.co/OTbDlF7awm @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
new Weezer video here! http://t.co/nIu7HN4irK  Preorder album on iTunes: http://t.co/xmxbQ1Nmt2 Everything Will Be Alright In The End. 10/7
Sorry for butchering last night's show. My in-ear monitors were freaking out. I will avenge myself tonight.
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: Exclusive Studio Photos From Karl #3 http://t.co/XRRO9YDqco @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: FIRST VIEW OF 'EWBAITE 21' "CLEOPATRA"! http://t.co/VLTQozRrMw @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: Exclusive Studio Photos From Karl #2 http://t.co/kS3U9T2bDu @PledgeMusic #EWBAITE
yes! great show guys. looking forward to "as you like it":) @ShakespeareSM Is that @RiversCuomo of @Weezer in the audience? If yes, enjoy ..
I'll let u know if it gets more serious:)
Pretty much every show makes a pilot before it goes on the air. Only 1 in 100 goes on 2 become a regular show.
I think someone from FOX jumped the gun w/their press release. From what I understand, a "put pilot" means they *might* make a pilot.
Check out the new Weezer video from "Everything Will Be Alright In The End" featuring @best_coast   http://t.co/oSMHxWuDMf  #EWBAITE
"My plan is wild and savage. I am more fierce in this endeavor than a hungry tiger or the raging sea."
weezer: Everything Will Be Alright In The End update: Lithograph Design Revealed http://t.co/3HgsPPmRJ2 @PledgeMusic #rock
I just pre-ordered weezer: New Album http://t.co/wfJ27FIFgU @PledgeMusic #rock
Which version of Hemingway's "A Moveable Feast" should I get? The wife's? Or the son's?
Hey guys, here's the next song clip from the new Weezer album "Everything Will Be Alright In The End.":  https://t.co/p38cqt89s0
Hey guys, here's the new Weezer clip:)  "I've Had It Up To Here" Pt. 1 #ewbaite https://t.co/zvhZKNYEMK
check out the new Weezer clip:  https://t.co/6LPoG2RONv   #ewbaite
Our new single Back To The Shack is available now on @iTunesmusic Grab it here http://t.co/qyVMiYAxE5
Check out my interview with @ZaneLowe on @BBCR1 https://t.co/QsQU8nfasr
@KerrangMagazine sehr gut. wie gehts?
My interview with @ZaneLowe goes out tonight. Tune in to @BBCR1 from 8pm http://t.co/hrlHVsaGtj
Great Dork Day w @Weezer fans @ Midsummer Night's Dream. Bottom even let me try on his ears. http://t.co/aDRi4bkzT7 http://t.co/fFPVTQChc8
ewbaite 13 "Da Vinci" #weezerwednesday #everythingwillbealrightintheend https://t.co/RhgtBFO34x
Happy birthday to our one and only Scott Shriner @SGS711  http://t.co/gcZuIeuf0k
Dork Day / Nerd Night ... http://t.co/qANi2k6hUh
Hey guys, here's the new video clip for  Everything Will Be Alright In The End:  https://t.co/eEBdTFiiEQ
Hey team, here is this week's video for the new Weezer album, #everythingwillbealrightintheend https://t.co/hgw3ylUNE9
Here's the latest #everythingwillbealrightintheend teaser: https://t.co/n8UPWkutb0
@specialagentH  where are you guys?
Let's get this kid to perform with us next time we're in his town:) @Doctortriplej  https://t.co/0hd0XHB2Rv … Great keyboard skills
Here's the new video for #weezerthursday https://t.co/7NaGPjNxLQ
@SayItAint_Jack @SGS711   http://t.co/qmgqe0ghyQ
One more reason @patrick_wilson is my favorite drummer in the world:) @lhammond94 He caught the frisbee!!! #weezer http://t.co/e3s69bAzQS
@wallernikki I'm confused:)
Check out the new #weezerwednesday video: =w= 8 "Ain't Got Nobody" http://t.co/2G56QbQtpL
@TedStryker My favorite place to be:)
=w= 7 "The Waste Land" https://t.co/vhuiP7A17k #weezerwednesday
https://t.co/VKG99AXvR9  #weezerwednesday
Photo: Outside the meditation pagoda. http://t.co/pHbNPKm1Me
Outside the meditation pagoda. http://t.co/OcTGC6Nx7B
Hey team. Today begins my 30-day Vipassana meditation course. I’m grateful for this period of deep soul... http://t.co/OE2OcW9APi
I know they're not doing it for my benefit, but I want to thank the birds for singing so sweetly every morning.
#weezerwednesday http://t.co/QPAu1RW8Zt
@verucasalt @StacyGlenJones Well I'm clearly out of my league as far as long term memory goes.
@StacyGlenJones @verucasalt what is it??? It looks like a small, decomposing stop sign.
@patrick_wilson @SGS711 skim through this if u guys haven't seen it:) http://t.co/sNpDHgLRkv via @RichCostey
Can you please respond to my snapchats?
Photo: Studio essentials. http://t.co/xglIc86RFT
Studio essentials. http://t.co/x3Aq3T05SM
Tonight is Nerd Night V, "Merchant Of Venice", with a bunch of @Weezer fans:)  http://t.co/0gVan3uQrj I'll be getting there early to hang.
Saw a killer "Midsummer Night's Dream" last night at the Broad Stage: http://t.co/zkWducNr7T
@Indie88Toronto @DMillersays thanks, indeed!
@patrick_wilson ditto for the Brotherhood Groove Grand Junction:)
@john_demichele @Weezer That's an awesome band name!
@pollyfuckit Heck yeah, nerds can rock:)
@michaeldermot Not a bad idea!
@TedStryker Ha!
Happy #weezerwednesday everybody!  http://t.co/jqgu2zTfyU
@Emilio84j @Weezer iine! yokattane!
@SGS711 http://t.co/iYDuVjkA88
Verse 3 in honor of the mighty KC! https://t.co/49c3XuMgh8 @esoares83
@Oreon16 Does not compute!
@esoares83 @simonwilliam Me too!
It's like a Weezer Cruise on land.
Nashville's #weezerweekend is underway as we visit the @CashMuseum at 2p. Tonight: Blue Album. Tomorrow: @thirdmanrecords and Pinkerton:)
@therealjenappel @jaclynulman Sounds right to me:)
@dawallach interesting.
@patrick_wilson amazing.
Photo: Home sweet home. http://t.co/5YFVxb1kte
@TitusAndronicus b'lieve so:)
@TitusAndronicus Yeah, man. That's Ric's guitar. I did almost the whole blue album with it:)
=w= 2 http://t.co/7d7C9zG24e #weezerwednesday
@genesimmons Hi, Gene. Loving your twitter!
@HARDROCK Awesome! And don't forget my "Soundgarden Burger" suggestion from last year:)
They should really branch out and make some Alt Rock Hotels, though:) @HARDROCK
So awesome. @HARDROCK hotels have a menu of guitars you can have delivered to your room. I got a Jaguar. http://t.co/yx377roXpB
@genesimmons lol at 9-year-old me singing these lyrics without knowing what they were about.
@IHeartCher i try to avoid wearing black and red.
@DarklordAdrian1 forgot to turn on my flash!
Fav ride @ @UniversalORL was Jurassic Park. Felt a unique blend of fear &amp; relief as I dropped 80' to avoid TREX that was about 2 eat my head
@nprmusic I took music classes at UCONN when I was a senior at E.O. Smith High School:)
Photo:  http://t.co/G6SHR5lKMG
Photo: Weezer at @universalorl http://t.co/monmXspwYx
Weezer at universalorl http://t.co/DP6ZKQoBcT
@IHeartCher What's yours?
@jontweetsyou @IHeartCher Blue!
Photo: Finally on the flight http://t.co/1ScVGOFgwV
I like it when you talk.
Photo: Weezer in the airport. http://t.co/6w91TmM00w
Weezer in the airport. http://t.co/VCbi51dN3K
http://t.co/qz5nKJOdhK
Is it possible for anyone to get bored anymore?
@minliangtan Case # 00276329
@minliangtan Thank you!
@Razer Please help :) My 14" razer suddenly says "no battery detected". Leaving tomorrow for a tour with much music to work on.
@DLady99 @Weezer @SHRHollywood @Ticketmaster see you soon!
@MrBlackFrancis Thanks. That mean a LOT coming from you:)
@MrBlackFrancis Thank you!
Weezer is super excited to announce that the producer of our new record is Ric Ocasek!  http://t.co/x6BNU9NMCy #weezerwednesday
Consumed any good content lately?
By coincidence today I walked the canals in Venice and then went to a rehearsal for The Merchant of… http://t.co/Q43LCk1bcN
@RockCellarMag You can contact our new publicist, Jen Appel, to arrange for an interview. Thanks for your interest:)
Things were getting out of control at the studio so I had to whip out my glock. http://t.co/CTlXCPwEsc
@bwerde your advice seems wise AND I can't help but admire artists who keep fighting even when the world hasn't embraced their work.
@fartbonerMD @Weezer Let each guy do what he does best:)
@evanminsker Likewise, brother!
Insane in the mucus membrane.
@Eriktyrone92 that was my accomplice:)
First video clip from the studio! http://t.co/x6BNU9NMCy #weezerwednesday
Me and my future self. http://t.co/Tu2tt8Z0wq
Not Safe For Wife.
@Indie88Toronto @Just_LoriAnn Beach Boys. http://t.co/vnpt54ya2m
@NoiseyMusic @graztifarian @danozzi After being a teenage metalhead, I was stumped 4 style so I decided 2 dress like I did when I was a kid.
Doing vocals today. May the force be with me.
@davidegreenwald I'm in the only place on earth I'd rather be: the studio with Weezer:)
Feeling very un-charismatic today.
I'm pretty good at peeing but I don't know if I qualify as an"artist". http://t.co/Ezd1gOUEzo
It doesn't take a lot of introspection to realize that you don't exist.
Somehow I blew out my voice boogie boarding.
@DesNoise I'd love to join them!
Weezer selfie. http://t.co/japoIyfnSs
I'd hate to spoil your image of me with my image of me.
@ZanderPlays13 :)
Every day my generation gets a little smaller.
good morning. https://t.co/8FbUdfv7Ka
post show rituals. https://t.co/YpjLVYuTTD
Pre show snack http://t.co/d5uhfiumq6
Kid B.
practicing for tomorrow's show at el Rey. https://t.co/8M4pqL4GY4
Killer Clue game with my family.
dressed up as ace on the weezer cruise. https://t.co/7fhtDJdXu4
I'm opening up for Cibo Matto with @scottallister this Monday, Feb 24th at the El Rey. http://t.co/XsYEGzm8bu
Thanks to all the fans and bands for making the Weezer Cruise a magical and unforgettable experience!
weezer cruise #1 https://t.co/8ks6nNEjl6
@mihohatori みほちゃん。ありがとうございます。el reyは楽しいですね。面白い。Japanese girls singing in English and American boys singing in Japanese. （笑）またあとでね。
Everybody at peace?
How do we feel about our dads?
Does anyone want anything from Starbucks?
Dear Weezer-Cruisers who are coming to my Alone set:  I need at least 2 guys to sing the parts of... http://t.co/mO90mzMuzr
the crowd goes mild. https://t.co/rpHJRN3WRy
Argo f yourself. https://t.co/ViVIYiOKlb
@mihohatori 見て見て：http://t.co/htzfII8Ih6
@mihohatori みほちゃん。DMをチェックしてくださいね。
Me singing "Any Dream Will Do": http://t.co/YyDfOp6xK1 via @youtube
@DinosaurusJR @sheezer  I don't get in until Saturday night:(
gangsta. https://t.co/JkSYUmvCmw
time keeps on ticking. https://t.co/5oBUmrscQE
Almost Weezer Cruise time!
little things. https://t.co/EoszWUe7H9
daily temptations. https://t.co/enG9lYwXIq
Party on a G4, weezer style. http://t.co/ZPwiiUoovt
Guitar heaven with Weezer:)
It's a good thing we don't call it "Major League Football" because that would have to be abbreviated MLF.
It's a happy day in Weezer Land:)
@JaneenMH looks real to me.
@peejaybrennan @TurErick Did not know any of that! Thanks, guys:)
@butchwalker @TSA my precheck works about 75% of the time. I've heard it's random.
I'll be performing a few songs in Japanese at TRIP in Santa Monica on Monday night for the NHK program "Cool Japan." http://t.co/E40NkpVVJy
I wish organizing family photos in picasa was a real job.
Happy New Year--sad old year.
Describe your partner in one word.
Daughter came home singing a carol called Some Children See Him. Thought it was so beautiful I had 2 sing it myself. http://t.co/0MBT9t1sM1
Weezus.
I've been really productive today in terms of mucus.
It's good to be green but the world is going to end anyway.
It must be nice to have all of your body parts functioning properly.
@JohnFeldy Hey, bud:)
If the driver happens 2 wave, forget it-full on pandemonium breaks out as the kids r overcome by joy. Garbage men are heroes to 3-year-olds.
When the garbage truck pulls up at my daughter's preschool, all the kids drop what they're doing + run 2 the window screaming GARBAGE TRUCK!
@mihohatori ちょっとだけ。
@NoiseyMusic I love this one from Hurley: http://t.co/dcox7TzIH5
I'm in love with the string quartet version of Pinkerton:) http://t.co/CPCcRsBnUI
@mihohatori 久しぶりですね。すごいよ新しい曲。
Are you the lead singer of Weezer?
Life is just a phase.
Donut disturb.
Man, the toiletries really add up as you get older.
I love the modulation *down* a half step in @whoisMGMT 's "youth". How did they come up with that? http://t.co/jL2nIm8Ez9
Just caught my wife vacuuming the washing machine.
Feeling very pregnant.
@theantlers weird, I was just listening to you:)
Shouldn't a cold be called a hot?
X-Medium.
Does anyone know where I am?
I like standing in the window of my 22nd floor hotel room completely naked. It's such a random thing to do.
Who wants a body massage?
If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
Are you guys working on a new album?
When my laptop overheats it freezes and I have to put ice packs under it to un-freeze it.
Pie a la airplane mode.
@DjDahi Definitely! That would be awesome:)
I'm going to seeing Macbeth in Santa Monica again tonight. Want to come? Email cityshakes@gmail.com for free tickets.#boilboiltoilandtrouble
Underappreciated spider genders: mommy long legs and black widowers.
Could someone please explain to me what is going on?
What I'd really like is bladder augmentation surgery.
Shall we play a game?
@ChrisCrocker Yes, let's hug again:)
@OKCSurferGirl tee hee hee:)
A five-year-old boy brought my daughter flowers today.
My 5-year old daughter, after finding my stash of mechanical pencils, said, “I can have these after you die, right?”
I gotta get a better system for my socks.
Do you like the race you are?
I've seen a lot of bird poop in my life but never bird pee.
I wish I could set my clock back an hour every night.
Nerd Night IV (Shakespeare's Macbeth) ... http://t.co/wdJdTn0cZy
Just one more wafer thin mint.
Male Pattern Blandness.
I think that R2 unit we bought may have been stolen.
It's very difficult for me to have opinions.
I have a non-alcoholic beer gut.
Any other guys out there strum their "banjo" when they were little?
All of your thoughts, emotions, and memories are made out of tiny pieces of food.
It's too bad guys can't breast feed.
Nerd Night III (Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet") ... http://t.co/wdJdTn0cZy
Probably the same guys that came up with "Homo Erectus". @rainnwilson
How's everybody feeling about their bodies?
Hamster and cheese sandwich.
Pontius Pilates.
Blame it on my AD&amp;D.
Is there also a non-woolly Mammoth?
Macbeth, I hear you calling.
@CityShakesLA Thinking of stopping by rehearsal for a few minutes tonight. Would that be cool?
¡Que viva Mexico!
It's nice to have somebody to pee with again:)
@Gibbstack How about "Amadeus"?
My meditation teacher, S.N. Goenka, passed away recently. Here's a photo of us together in 2005. http://t.co/dwRorJgLl9
@AvaKatrien I like it!
@1capplegate I think it was more like YOU kissed HIM but, anyway, you were such a great Silvia:)
@IJasonAlexander You were incredible last night. I hope you do more Shakespeare:)
Awesome! RT @JudgmentalNYer @PaulMcCartney Will it be like this? http://t.co/QwILlKhJIE
I'm going to see @PaulMcCartney  read Shakespeare's "Two Gentlemen of Verona" tonight:!  http://t.co/yoF6i3IRRf
I appreciate your feedback on my pants.
Am I the only person that likes to pee in my backyard?
I get lonely in the gym locker room but I guess it's kind of an awkward place to talk to strangers.
Simple yet ineffective.
We're all just trying to attract each other.
@ShannonSLP Let me see the picture of you guys on stage:)
Thanks to all my fans for helping me make it through the heat wave with no AC:)
Going to see an all-female Hamlet tonight. http://t.co/n8AZZC2RGC
.@hardrock For vegetarians, you guys should make a "Soundgarden Burger." :)
I don't know about the rest of ya'll, but I've got a drawer full of dead mice.
My wife and I enjoyed "Room To Breathe,"  a doc about a mindfulness program in a San Francisco public middle school. http://t.co/uD6xAphOk4
Peanut butter and KY jelly.
Would you be my admin?
Business as unusual.
@MegaSharkBomb69 or "Frank Cuomo", which is my father's name.
You bless God.
German toast.
@GrantWahl @SamBorden a challenge for musicians, too :)
d@Kari_Mil :)
@SkyDrive are you going to expand the storage limit anytime soon? :)
The Weezer Cruise: where all your Weezer fantasies come true.  http://t.co/ih5LTjXgWE
@fwpx yeah man. :)
Shouldn't it be the United Queendom?
I made a youtube playlist of various Scott&amp;Rivers videos: http://t.co/ii161FK6C9 . And here is our facebook: https://t.co/kTeiBG3XXH .
Hey guys, my Japanese language album with @scottallister was released in the US Itunes store last week. Check it out: http://t.co/1RkWmCCn1B
And now for 30 days of Vipassana meditation.  http://t.co/pa6rfAwamP
Who's coming on the Weezer Cruise? http://t.co/B0GVKsuRxc
@CherrieT uh-oh, we're on a baby plane today... Or maybe it's a tween plane.
After injuring my knee in Australia, I flew to Japan to meet with Kumamon: http://t.co/o53gPsSs
Sampai jumpa lagi!
Konser ini akan menyenangkan!
@KristinKanan thanks....keep the updates coming!
@JENCOOLIDGE You were AMAZING tonight in Steel Magnolias.
@tysonritter merci beaucoup! Hey we added "put me back together" to our setlist. :)
Traveling in a fried out Kombi.
@kathy_miu might be needing your services soon!
@spaiji very inspiring/thought-provoking article. I was going to recommend it to you!
@brainpicker Love it!
@CherrieT where r u?
@kisfmjakarta Jakarta! #OneHourWonder
ロスで日本人のベーシスト がいますか。
日本人様。@RiversCuomoJPN　をフォローしてください．あそこでたくさんそれぞれつぶやいています。
And now for 30 days of Vipassana.  http://t.co/6nhwYAmd
Really enjoyed @samharrisorg new book, "Free Will". http://t.co/yoKwj9B3
@alexlynnward that's a good tour.
@adam_orth first saw her on MTV at your house.
@strangepup yeah
love u both! @clint_dempsey @landondonovan.....and thanks to @foxscoccer for showing the game today!
@FOXSoccer B'lieve so! I'm watching on Galavision.
Weezer + Los Tiburones Rojos #weezercruise RT @hombregratis  picture with the entire Veracruz soccer team:  http://t.co/owp15iyy
Captain Cuomo and friends at 80's Prom Night on the Weezer Cruise via http://t.co/IRXcmOm3 http://t.co/ncGptQRR
@danielbrummel FRIENDS OF P was awesome!
Impromptu hootenanny in the ship's library last night. I was surprised so many people knew all the lyrics to "Ice Ice Baby."
That was a happy, happy experience. Thanks, everybody. #weezercruise
@CherrieT Thanks!
@CherrieT Did u guys have dinner already? I'm still on California time.
@CherrieT soccer was too crazy!
Wow, man, people are taking "80's Prom Night" seriously. I gotta step up my game, wardrobe-wise. #weezercruise
Just went snorkeling with some fans. Had to change into my suit in front of some Weezer-bros.
Weezer Cruise update: I just did a reading from "The Pinkerton Diaries" and a Q&A with the fans.
Just boarded the ship :)  Have everything from "Gilligan's Island" to "Rime of the Ancient Mariner" in my head.
Just landed in Miami. Weezer Cruise starts tomorrow. Stoked!
@maura you're welcome and thank YOU!
@Loco4Poco where do u live?
