At Ice Champions Live with @MichaelWeiss2 @Adaripp @RyanSBradley @BrianBoitano and others. Going to be a great show!!!
About to watch USA Soccer vs Mexico with @Evan_Bates
Great yoga with Collyboy and @Evan_Bates
What a game tonight!!! With Collyboy and @Evan_Bates http://t.co/5wlBkjhB3D
Just finished an awesome trail ride. Nice to be back on the bike again!
First of three fantasy football drafts. Here We Go!
These are the types of stories that I like to hear about athletes.  http://t.co/Ht71mPAVK8
@zizionice Grazie!!!
Saints/Texans with @Evan_Bates and Collyboy. Can't wait for Reg Season to start
Closing dinner at Champs Camp with @Evan_Bates and @CharlieaWhite . Great night!!! http://t.co/4WWazuaYqI
@Evan_Bates Big thanks to my buddy E bates and everyone else who came.
Hey everyone!!! Check it out. Get signed up today. It's right around the corner.  http://t.co/zmFjUBAcVL
Hey everyone. It's been a while. Amazing benefit this weekend. Please help donate. If you can't donate, spread the word http://t.co/RIz5PmVl
Heading to Skate For Hope this weekend. One of my favorite weekends of the year.
Saturday morning sitting on the tractor cutting the grass. It feels good to be home!
Bulls Win!!!!! What a game.
At the Palace watching Bulls/Pistons. D-Rose just hit a 3 to take it in to OT. MVP!!!!!!
@JohnWilson_MK I use Jackson Ultima Freestyle Blades. I've used them for over 10 years now and I love them.
At FSH with Mr Trump http://t.co/fj4ywBzc
Back in the U.S. but not quite home yet. Figure Skating In Harlem first. It's going to be a fun night.
From Nice, France to NYC, USA. This trip keeps on going.
Thank you everyone who has been following and tweeting about our skate yesterday. So happy you all enjoyed it.
Fun time in the short program yesterday. Happy with our skate. One more to go!!!!!
In Nice, France for Worlds. Short program today. http://t.co/YaiM2pkZ
@RockneBru86: I just beat @JessicaCalalang by 8 points in WWF!
Little sister just sent me this pic from back home in Chicago. It's maybe a tad colder than Cali.... http://t.co/QL9XtZlQ
@JessicaCalalang 4 days straight of seeing the light and gettin stronger. Except for the fact that I feel like passin out from that heat lol
Chillin with the nephew.....watching sports center.
Training the week after Nationals: Give it if you've got it...give it if you don't.
What a great Nationals. Thank you to everyone who supported us.
Thank you Jackson Ultima. http://t.co/MbX4CbYO
Great practice this morning. Tomorrow....The Freeskate!
What an awesome night last night. Thank you to everyone who was there to support. http://t.co/UzsevwKf
In San Jose for National Championships! It's going to be a big week.
Nationals is close. Last two weeks of training before the Dance.
Almost home for the day. Plenty still to do though. At least I'll have some good football games to watch.
Home for Christmas. Blackhawks game tonight!!!!
@Kirsten_MT wow! Tough loss last weekend for both of our teams :(
@JulianaCan really what?
@Kirsten_MT How about those Bears on MNF!!!!
@Kirsten_MT oh they will be ready. MNF!!!!!
@atmelfaebrian thank you very much. I appreciate the support.
@JulianaCan I love Boston.
Just about to Colorado Springs. Wow I've been traveling a lot!
@Kirsten_MT oh you can't be serious. That's not even funny to joke like that, lol.
Just practiced for my long program at Skate America. Saw Charlie White! He is my favorite ice dancer ever!!!
@JulianaCan  haha what? When was this?
Bears Football Baby!!! http://t.co/hJnx9FYo
9/11. Proud to be an American. God Bless the USA.
Chicago in the morning. Early flight out of LAX.
RIP to my Auntie Flow. I love you and will miss you.
It's Olympic Day everyone. An amazing mark in history!
Skate For Hope weekend. Practice today and show tonight!
HAWKS WIN! HAWKS WIN! Game 7 on Tuesday.
@toomuchcrazzy They are on a mission again this year. 7-2 on Tuesday, now 5-0 last night. Series is 3-2 now and we're headed back to Chicago
One more period to go Hawks!
Go BLACKHAWKS. Stick it to Vancouver!!!
@KatyWaldram how so?
I need everyone to help right now! Spread the word. Check out www.jessierees.com
More and more school work. Does it ever end?
Back to the rink. Its good to be back on the ice. Missed it.
@Jennessence looking forward to that.
Back to Cali. Great week.
@realdetective no I meant to say time. I never have enough of it.
Rock climbing and school work today. Wish I had more time.
On my way to CO to see me brothers!!!! Its been too long.
@PaulGrat1 I was feeling fine. It was an early morning for sure. More tired than anything. Cheers.
Great night last night in SD. Nice to see the gents from across the pond.
Just had our first practice at Nationals. It went GREAT!!! Can't wait to compete this week!
USFS National Championships next week. Can't believe another year as gone bye!!!
I love my Blackhawks! Skate For Hope this weekend in Columbus, OH. One of my favorite shows every year.
Come on BLACKHAWKS!!!!! Rockin the playoff beard!
Watching playoff hockey. So SWEET!
Back from a weekend in CO. Went to see my brothers!
Cubs up 2-0 on the stros! WGN!
Hawks Win!!!! Shootout.
Sweet Home Chicago!!! Here for a skating show. Hawks game on Sunday vs Calgary. Niemi with the shutout tonight!
Just played BBall at 24 Hour Fitness. Man it's been forever since I last played.
Sorry that its been so long. Been on the move. Keep watching the Olympics!
Wow, did I get sick after Korea! Tuesday night...NBC...Biggest Loser..Check it out!
Took the Silver at Four Continents in Korea! Im making a guest appearance on the show the Biggest Loser on Feb 9th. Spread the word.
About a point out of first place after the short here in Korea. Have the long program in a few hours. It's been a long couple of weeks.
Sorry that it's been so long. In Korea right now for a Competition. It was a great first day!
At the 24 Hr Fitness Huntington Beach Sport Club tonight!!! Come on in!
Thats what I'm talkin about Bears!!!
Christmas in Chicago.......Nothing better! There is so much snow!
Tomorrow its, "Sweet Home Chicago". Can't wait! One more practice in the AM and I'm home free.
On my way to practice. Have to love waking up early on Saturday mornings.
On my way to work at 24 Hour Fitness.
At a movie with Mom. Invictus!
At the Pro Shop getting my new skates ready. Should be a fun week with those!
What a busy couple of weeks. Totally excited about this weekend though! This time tomorrow I will be with my brothers in Colorado Springs.
Back in CA.......until Friday. I am going to see my brothers in CO!!!
The Crest Pro Health Day went great! Im on my way to JFK to fly back to LA. I need some sleep.
In NYC for a media day with Crest Pro Health. Im about to brush my teeth in front of a bunch of people!
On my way to NYC for a press day with Crest Pro Health. I love NYC!
The show was great today. About 4,000 people watched. They are expecting twice that many tomorrow. Time for some HW :(.
In Dallas tonight for a show tomorrow and Saturday and then Straight to NYC.
Time to get some sleep. Night.
Wow what a long week. Went to my buddies wedding this weekend in AZ. Good Times!
In Atlanta at the Coca-Cola headquarters. What an amazing place! Off to get some dinner and then try to get a long nights sleep.
Sitting here in the dorm at the OTC with Mr Ryan Bradley. Going to grab some dinner and then head to the rink for Competition.
Off to Lake Placid, NY tomorrow for Skate America. Long trip. Thank you PSP!
Check out the Team 24 Hour Fitness Athletes. I'm stoked. http://bit.ly/2tPjlY
Got a great 2 Mile run in today. Just started my shift at 24 Hr Fitness.
HUGE MMA fight tonight. Fedor vs Rogers. This is going amazing!
Just finished a big workout at 24 Hour Fitness. Time to get some College football in!
Wow! Can't get it all done. Had an awesome weekend in Chi-town. I miss it already. Off to NYC tomorrow.
We skated a nice short program last night here in Russia. We compete our long program tonight.
Sitting in the hotel in Russia with my roommate Chuck White. I have to go to practice in a few minutes. Not really feeling the Jet leg...yet
Had to turn off the ALCS to go and skate. It wasnt easy
Everyone better turn on NBC and watch the USC / Notre Dame game!!! And make sure you check out @ShawneyJ page to help BEAT Cancer!!!
On my way to see Couples Retreat.
Got an awesome run in...at 24 Hr Fitness. Now im working...at 24 Hr Fitness.
Three days of rain in OC. I cant believe it. At least practice has been good.
At work right now at 24 Hr Fitness folding towels with AshleyJae.
Everyone has to watch and cheer for Natalie tonight on Dancing w/ the Stars!
and.....Goodnight!
Ahhhhhh.......Football. It's a beautiful thing.
Everyone needs to watch Dancing With The Stars on Monday. You have to vote for Natalie too. She's awesome!
Kiks is making me google ridiculous things!
Im at the rink already. Am I dreaming......?
At the Angels/Red Sox game. Its going to be a good one!
Watching the Angels/Red Sox game. I trained so hard today that I can barely move. Going to the game tomorrow night!!!
Back in the US. Still have to train in the AM. Not gonna be easy.
Oh and thanks to all who supported my Bears last weekend!
Thanks to everyone who has been following my skating and journey towards Vancouver!
Just finished skating at the Nike Training Summit! It was so cool! Now its time to sit back and have a Coke and a Smile.
In Vancouver right now at the Nike Training Summit. This thing is off the hook. Nike knows how to "Just Do It"!
In the car on my way to the airport right now. Here I come Vancouver. Man I want to say that again in February!
Couples Retreat comes out this Friday. Its going to be a good one!
Wow! What a long day. Im still not home.
Kiks was on fire today! She definitely brought that 'A Game'!
On my way to practice. Two weeks left before Cup of Russia! "Everything You Need Is Already Inside"
All I have to say is......."Daaaaaaa Bears!"
Finally home on sunday! Its time for some football!!!
