How did we not win this commercial competition way back when.... @HeinzKetchup_US   https://t.co/x0XCg5Zjif
It's only right to watch Christmas Vacation on Christmas Eve https://t.co/vkhuKfDWNx
So proud of my oldest daughter Tay!!! Top 3% of her class! @tayjacks12 https://t.co/l715jqVXub
@Reds thanks for having me!  https://t.co/qs6bYnHtcq
Took my daughter to your show in Columbus last night @Drake , man really enjoyed it. Loved the crowd and the energy, you put on a show!
Thank you to everyone for all the support. I can't express enough how much I appreciate it
Enjoying the 4th of July with the family in Miami https://t.co/4htMSwSpWD
Who else is excited for the Superbowl?
Follow up: The one with the picture of the body builders! #thankyou
Please favorite and retweet my last tweet to help my daughter win a competition!
I love my daughters so much!!
Had a great christmas, who's ready for the playoffs?
Had a great Thanksgiving, now i'm ready to put up the tree!
lots of basketball for the jackson clan taylor playing varsity even as a freshman just like soccer. must take after her mom.
leading into week 14 i am leaning toward steelers even without troy and hines ward cant believe they could lose to the browns
oh by the way we play a thanksgiving day flag football game with our neighbors we all wear 57 will let u know how it comes out
Green bay dallas and the giants.  the monday night game may be the best of the year. don't know yet who i'm going to pick stay tuned
happy thanksgiving to everyone looking forward to a day of watching football. leading the picks again on sunday. the first three are
stay in touch and remember to go to the gmc web site to win prizes and possibly win new 2010 gmc
well wegotoweek number 11 so things will begin to separate what a call by new england this past week all about fear of peyton manning
the other games that stand out are cincy baltimore and the dolphins and patriots. no one runs the wildcat like miami watch for new wrinkle
trying to figure out if i think carolina has a legit chance to beat the saints i know the panthers run the ball well enough worried for jake
getting ready to go back to bristol for the football weekend been watching the tragedy at fort hood feeling so sad for the families there
as always visit the gmc site at www.gmc.com/nfl  i'm going to be driving a great gmc vehicle,new can,t wait to tell u how it is.
comes as no surprise broncos really good but if they win this week look back at their last four games and we'll look down the road
went to the micheal jackson movie thought it was great hope lots of people take the time to experience it.  i'm off to ct tommorow
two games to watch this weekend first  the vikings/ steelers could be great game but be sure to keep a eye on saints/dolphins:wildcat!
oh by the way be sure and take the time to go to the gmc web site to get a chance to win a 2010 sierra
my youngest daughter morgan is going out of town for soccer game this weekend oldest just got put out of city tourney last night , sucks
sorry didn't twitter for a few days. was very busy and a pretty tough week for some of the folks at espn, not yours truly
got home today. spent day with jennifer went to see a movie took morgan to soccer and great dinner mexican flavor
i'm going to learn next week how to answer some of your tweets
game. leaving in the am for bristol will tell u what happens in our meeting room.  this weekend ought to be fun
watch the show this sunday for the latest on the rams rush and the big game this week between giants and saints going to morgans soccer
today is big time soccer game with daughter taylor will let u know how it turns out later in the day.
just got on st louis radio and had to discuss rush limbaugh wasn't all that difficult but i'm sure i'll hear about it for weeks.
wrote article for espn .com on upcoming game between patriots and my broncos its got to be best matchup in not great week of games
back on he air here in cincy wondering why ocho stirring things up with the ravens.  sometimes let your play speak for you.
remember to go to www.gmc.com/nfl  for a chance to win a 2010 sierra and lots of other prizes
*setting at my desk picking out some music for a playlist some ne-yo and  KeSha  love all kinds of music send songs would appreciate it
going to get a good workout and maybe a massage nothing better for tired old sore muscles i qualify in both areas
today writing for espn.com the game that i'm looking at is ravens pats but believe both will be around for the playoffs this is round one
i'm back on line took a few days away but will be twitting away come tommorow hang in there for news on weekend games.
also doing some work for gmc. be sure to go to www.gmc.com/nfl for a chance to win a brand new 2010 gmc sierra
getting  packed to go to bristol this ought to be a great weekend cant wait to see jets titans pats falcons any thoughts.
daughter taylor had great soccer game last night in pouring rain against summit final score 1 to 1  sounds odd great tie.
@NFLONFOX not so sure their time has passed but if u have a pass rush u sure can speed up the patriots clock
@mortreport this is me twitting give me a call when u get a chance
also before i go for a bike ride thought to remind people go to www.gmc.com/nfl to get registered to win great stuff
interested to hear anyones thoughts on pats this week and what it might mean for the rest of the season
don't know if falcs can bring any pressure to bear on tom brady matt ryan and company could make that moot if they control the ball
just finished a article for espn .com on the falcons pats this week u might find it interesting. hard to say what will happen this week sinc
@michaelirvin88 Mike this is your brother Tom  I didn't get to see u dance, but u know the girls and I are voting multiple times!  Good Luck
that loss to the giants will stay with the boys a long time. you only get to open up the jerry world palace once
this season shaping up as something special already. cant figure out how some teams ran ball so well and lost titans dolphins cowboys.
got home this morning what a game by p manning last night been watching football my whole life never seen game like this.
watchin MNF in the green room.  just heard that tay scored in her soccer game to tie!
out for dinner with Jen and Tay
mind wanders sometimes to the political kanye serena m j  rep wilson one of the craziest couple of weeks ever
coach should have told leodis if they kick all the way to the end zone we will not bring the ball out game over
great coaches leave nothing to chance the pats should have tried to keep the ball in field of play but didn't so special teams coach or head
woke up thinking about mckelvin mistake monday coach should have told him hands team on field stay put thats what coaching is about
@mortreport mort im back on the air and i will be the only person in america twitting instead of tweeting
been studying up all morning on this weeks games think the jets/pats has a chance to be great but time for jets stop talking play ball
just got through w/ article for .com on pats jets be sure and read. also getting new gmc sierra cant wait.
@mortreport/talk to u as much about taylors games as i do the nfl iwll be passing her scores on to the rest of the world
@mortreport/ mort get back to me im waiting to hear from anyone so u can be my first
mort how about me tweeting u on my own. i am now going to drive u crazy. but this could be fun
new to tweeting so trying to get use to it
after watching the games monday night looking forward to jets pats rex sees defense that might have slight overall advantage big surprize
