Filling in for Shep today right after the White House brief. We’ve got an interesting take on who really wants the wall. See you then.
Nothing like sitting in Primanti’s having a sandwich watching Pitt beat Miami. https://t.co/4Lq6GvPzBq
Is russia turning into a bigger bombshell for Democrats than Republicans? I’ll have some interesting answers tonight with @marthamaccallum.
I’m in for @ShepNewsTeam tomorrow... watch at 3p in the east, noon in the west @FoxNews
Ok this time I'm back for real, for real. Following the plane crash in santa monica. How the pilot survived, I don't know. See ya on Fox Rpt
Had a wedding party last nite for my espn buddy Colin cowherd in manhattan beach great fun. Mary's fine catering was awesome
Been a while but I'm back. Working out of the west coast headquarters of fox news. And yes it's sunny and 70
i was tweetless cuz i forgot my password ... i'm back
reading a farewell to arms.. looking for great book suggestions
had a great birthday thank you for all the well wishes
riveted by the 9-11 coverage
btw in for shep tonight on fox report 7p eastern
just read pat conroy's south of broad..fantastic
habe not yet heard vincent
still if you get chance to see him go go go
at the don mclean concert, great american pie fun, his voice has had better days
heading out on world famous chatham bike path
vacationing in cape cod wequassett resort fantastic
there are also 9 cams inside staples to show event..major production
3 private entrances at staples center for celebs we have cams at all
now hearing jackson casket will be brought from forest lawn to staples
getting ready to anchor jackson memorial coverage with megyn kelly on fox broadcast
4th of july fireworks in westport ct
filling in for shep tonight stay tuned
with all of these new gov jobs being created, does supreme court decision concerning firefighters impact how gov hires
i just flew home on airbus on sunday, so not really worried, but it is interesting
very surprised at number of air bus planes have been involved in major crashes over past 10 yrs
doing a little research into this air crash in comores
hey did you see oregon's unemployment rate went up 2nd highest in nation so what did they do? raised taxes
what to do but have a cold beer and watch the us open
breaking news, it's raining again in the northeast  uhg
got my daughters telescope, star watchin 2nite
thot i was opening the lower scale version of quilceda, expensive but tasty mistake
speakin of xpnsive mistakenly opened a quilceda creek cab 100 points by parker loved it
just talked to a gop senator in the know, says health care means much higher taxes
i also find the whole air france investigation odd, what caused this to happen, not sure anyone's at all sure
oh and a little white yippy dog update, today was grooming, pink bows and all, yep feel like a mans man in girly girl world
after talking to john mccain ystrdy, i think the senator feels vindicated that the pres may end up taxing benefits
wow weekend already, fast, fascinating week, i'm told a very good malbec awaits  cheers
and remember when candidate obama went after mccain for wanting to tax health benny's. my how tables have turned
judge naps says because abuse photos are part of fed lawsuit president has no control of them. this could be big
mccain wants provision in there to stop abuse photos from being released by we hear that may be illegal
got sen john mccain on live desk today, gonna talk about war sepnding bill
and i know we missed it today but tmrw on "live desk" we'll talk uncle sam turning jenny craig
just don't want to be on wrong side of new government weight watchers
i'm hungry can someone please ask president if it's cool for me to have a burger
ok so i stand corrected, wife reports big yellow dog no hate white yippy dog, apparently old yeller too old to care
guess big question is how "marley and me" kinda guy ends up with dog named rosie
didn't get to tweet much during show, busy with breaking news on museum shooting
i should report yippy white dog has arrived, girls happy, big yellow dog, not!
we are a yellow lab family, but my wife just adopted little yippy white dog, yikes
ah yes legislating happiness
don't know about u, but take away my burger and beer and i won't be happy
oh btw, the government says we're fat and now wants to monitor what we eat says we'll be happier
karl rove on "live desk" today, we'll talk pay czar, who speaks for gop, etc
amyone rwad the phil bronstein piece on the media treatment of obama, interesting
doing some backround, we have Karl Rove on live desk tmrw,
but alas it's monday, train late, crowded,slow and the news awaits
great weekend, pool, beach, bbq
double duty for me today, "live desk" then in for shep on "fox report" shep's at ole miss
if you have not read "outliers" you should..fascinating
how to you leave your wife on bottom of ocean, plead manslaughter and get one yr in prison
air france crash is baffling, first they say it was bad weather, then going to slow, now going too fast
very curious to see how the rest of president's trip is recieved
and yes there was beer on the course
golf was great score was average back to work
hope they serve beer on the course
golfing tonite for first time in a year...fore!!
amazed that iran thinks we'll buy into this nuke for energy story, but hey new dave mathews album great
turkey chilli great, just like deer valley, glad it's summer, but thinkin 'bout skiing
cookin Deer Valley turkey chilli
reading christopher buckley's Losing mum and pup" very funny, touching stories
tell me again why we care that melissa joan hart lost 42 pounds
checking with woods hole oceanographers, but i'm not sure we have a sub that can down that deep
search for black boxes in air france crash, could be in 23,000 ft of water  twice as deep as titanic
o man being forced to go see little mermaid with my daughters, isn't watching viedo a million times
30 yrs ago gov said amtrak would be proffitable in 3 yrs, gov still owns it, and it's still losing money
my 8 yr old daughter did her "one good thing" ystdy, wrote letter to wounded soldier ended it by saying thank you for keeping us safe
my wife and daughters went to see "up" today they liked it
buddy of mine has been in biz in cali for 25 yrs, now moving out of state cuz of taxes
most avaiation experts i talked to say they don't believe air france flight was brought down by lightning
pres and mrs obama ate at blue hill in ny this weekend, i ate there last year, didn't love it
back on train t ct, took long weekend for wife's b-day
just finished reading "devil we know" bob baers book , very good insight into iran
martha is interviewing david patreus tmrw on live desk, should be fascinating
heading home after anchoring fox report, rainy and cool in ny. isn't it late may?
the VAT tax, by the way, would help fund health care for all
so now there's talk of adopting a value added tax in the u.s. that would increase the price of everything from eggs to homes
also in for shep on fox report tonight
5 hours and counting til the live desk goes high def
the new hi def cameras on Live Desk look great, and we've got more places to walk around newsroom, stay tuned
just a reminder Live Desk goes HD tomorrow. i better get extra makeup
anyone buying story of woman who called 9-1-1 saying she was in trunk and had been abducted?
bald buddy of mine wants to know why they didn't id the baldness gene 20 years ago . good question
rehearsing new live desk, going HD on thursday
riding train, it's late again, scouring topics for live desk, noko, iran and chemo kid are big
finished fox report drving up hudson nice to see a west coast sunset in the east
been listening to north korea nuke coverage, here's botton line if china flips off switch n korea has no elec, oil or food
also looking to see if there's a fun raquetball league in NYC to play in
wondering what the u.n. secur council is gonna do now that it's condemned again for the gazillionth time
my 8 year old daughter is looking into playing lacrosse  any tips?
just found out the minnesota chemo kid and his mom are back
getting ready to anchor fox report, shep's off. it's actually more fun than a beer and a burger. Trace
